   ChipDoc v3 on JCOP 4 P71 in
   ICAO EAC with PACE
   configuration
   Security Target Lite
   Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                             Evaluation documentation
   Final                                                                   PUBLIC




Document information
Info                 Content
Keywords            Common Criteria, Security Target Lite, ChipDoc v3, JCOP 4 P71, ICAO
                    EAC, PACE
Abstract            Security Target Lite of ChipDoc v3 application on JCOP 4 P71 in ICAO
                    EAC with PACE configuration, which is developed and provided by NXP
                    Semiconductors, Business Unit Identification according to the Common
                    Criteria for Information Technology Security Evaluation Version 3.1 at
                    Evaluation Assurance Level 5 augmented.
NXP Semiconductors                                          ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite



Revision history
Rev         Date            Description
1.0         2020-02-12      Initial Version of this Security Target Lite




Contact information
For more information, please visit: http://www.nxp.com
For sales office addresses, please send an email to: salesaddresses@nxp.com
                                       All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                  2 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                             ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                       Security Target Lite




1. ST Introduction (ASE_INT)
                 1.1 ST Reference and TOE Reference
                       Table 1.       ST Reference and TOE Reference
                       Title                    ChipDoc v3 on JCOP 4 P71 in ICAO EAC with PACE configuration
                                                Security Target Lite
                           Version                    Revision 1.0
                           Date                       2020-02-12
                           Product Type               Java Card Applet
                           TOE Name                   ChipDoc v3 on JCOP 4 P71 in ICAO EAC with PACE configuration
                                                      Version 3.0.0.52
                           CC Version                 Common Criteria for Information Technology Security Evaluation Version
                                                      3.1, Revision 5, April 2017 (Part 1 [1], Part 2 [2] and Part 3 [3])




                 1.2 TOE Overview




                             Fig 1.   Components of the TOE




                                          All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                             Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                  3 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                          ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite




                       The TOE consists of an applet which is executed by a software stack that is stored on a
                       Micro Controller. For a complete picture of the TOE see Figure 1, and for details with
                       regards to the different components see section 1.3.1.
                       The protection profiles [5] and [6] define the security objectives and requirements for the
                       contactless chip of machine readable travel documents (MRTD) based on the
                       requirements and recommendations of the International Civil Aviation Organization
                       (ICAO). This ST extends this PP to contact, contactless and dual interface smartcard
                       modules. It addresses the advanced security methods Basic Access Control (BAC),
                       Standard Inspection Procedure (PACE), Extended Access Control (EAC) and Chip
                       Authentication similar to the Active Authentication in the Technical reports of ‘ICAO Doc
                       9303’ [11] and [12] for SAC (also known as PACE mechanism defined in [6]).
                       ChipDoc v3 passport application is configurable in BAC or EAC with PACE chip
                       authentication modes, with or without Active Authentication [11]. Also, it supports contact
                       and contactless communication.
                       This ST applies to the EAC with PACE configuration with or without Active
                       Authentication.
                       Note that there is no non-TOE hardware/software/firmware that is required by the TOE.


               1.2.1 TOE Usage and Security Features for Operational Use
                       The ChipDoc v3 application offers variety of applications like electronic identification
                       (eID), electronic driver’s license (eDL) or electronic passport (ePP), subject of the current
                       TOE.
                       A State or Organization issues MRTDs to be used by the holder for international travel.
                       The traveler presents a MRTD to the inspection system to prove his or her identity. The
                       MRTD in context of this TOE contains (i) visual (eye readable) biographical data and
                       portrait of the holder, (ii) a separate data summary (MRZ data) for visual and machine
                       reading using OCR methods in the Machine readable zone (MRZ) and (iii) data elements
                       on the MRTD’s chip (such as CAN for PACE authentication) according to LDS for
                       contactless machine reading. The authentication of the traveler is based on (i) the
                       possession of a valid MRTD personalized for a holder with the claimed identity as given
                       on the biographical data page and (ii) optional biometrics using the reference data stored
                       in the MRTD. The issuing State or Organization ensures the authenticity of the data of
                       genuine MRTD’s. The receiving State trusts a genuine MRTD of an issuing State or
                       Organization.
                       The issuing State or Organization implements security features of the MRTD to maintain
                       the authenticity and integrity of the MRTD and their data. The MRTD as the passport
                       book and the MRTD’s chip is uniquely identified by the Document Number.
                       The physical MRTD is protected by physical security measures (e.g. watermark on
                       paper, security printing), logical (e.g. authentication keys of the MRTD’s chip) and
                       organizational security measures (e.g. control of materials, personalization procedures)
                       [11]. These security measures include the binding of the MRTD’s chip to the passport
                       book.




                                       All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                  4 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                           ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                     Security Target Lite



                       The logical MRTD is protected in authenticity and integrity by a digital signature created
                       by the document signer acting for the issuing State or Organization and the security
                       features of the MRTD’s chip.
                       The ICAO defines the baseline security methods (Passive Authentication) and the
                       optional advanced security methods (BAC and/or SAC to the logical MRTD, Active
                       Authentication of the MRTD’s chip, EAC to the logical MRTD and the Data Encryption of
                       additional sensitive biometrics) as optional security measure in the ‘ICAO Doc 9303’ [11].
                       The Passive Authentication Mechanism and the Data Encryption are performed
                       completely and independently on the TOE by the TOE environment.
                       This TOE addresses the protection of the logical MRTD (i) in integrity by write only- once
                       access control and by physical means, and (ii) in confidentiality by the EAC Mechanism.
                       This TOE addresses the AA as an optional security mechanism.

                 1.3 TOE Description
               1.3.1 General
                       The TOE is an MRTD IC where application software is loaded to FLASH, and the TOE
                       can be assembled in a variety of form factors. The main form factor is the electronic
                       passport, a paper book passport embedding a contactless module.
                       The followings are an informal and non-exhaustive list of example graphic
                       representations of possible end products embedding the TOE:
                           • Contactless interface cards and modules
                           • Dual interface cards and modules
                           • Contact only cards and modules
                       The scope of this TOE is covered in section 1.3.1 above.
                       The TOE is linked to a MRTD reader via its HW and physical interfaces.
                           • The contactless type interface of the TOE smartcard is ISO/IEC 14443 compliant.
                           • The optional contact type interface of the TOE smartcard is ISO/IEC 7816 compliant.
                           • The optional interfaces of the TOE SOIC-8 are ISO 9141 compliant.
                           • The optional interfaces of the TOE QNF-44 are JEDEC compliant.
                       There are no other external interfaces of the TOE except the ones described above.
                       The antenna and the packaging, including their external interfaces, are out of the
                       scope of this TOE.
                       The TOE may be applied to a contact reader or to a contactless reader, depending on
                       the external interface type(s) available in its form factor. The readers are connected to a
                       computer and allow application programs (APs) to use the TOE.
                       The TOE can embed other secure functionalities, but they are not in the scope of this
                       TOE and subject to an evaluation in other TOEs.
               1.3.2 MRTD’s Chip
                       For this TOE the MRTD is viewed as unit of




                                        All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                           Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                  5 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                             ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                       Security Target Lite



                           1. The physical MRTD as travel document in form of paper, plastic and chip. It
                              presents visual readable data including (but not limited to) personal data of the
                              MRTD holder
                              a. the biographical data on the biographical data page of the passport book,
                              b. the printed data in the Machine Readable Zone (MRZ) and
                              c. the printed portrait.
                           2. The logical MRTD as data of the MRTD holder stored according to the Logical Data
                              Structure [11] as specified by ICAO on the contactless integrated circuit. It presents
                              contactless readable data including (but not limited to) personal data of the MRTD
                              holder
                              a. the digital Machine Readable Zone Data (digital MRZ data, EF.DG1),
                              b. the digitized portraits (EF.DG2),
                              c. the biometric reference data of finger(s) (EF.DG3) or iris image(s) (EF.DG4) or
                                 both,
                              d. the other data according to LDS (EF.DG5 to EF.DG16) and
                              e. the Document security object.
                       This TOE addresses the protection of the logical MRTD:
                           • in integrity by write-only-once access control and by physical means, and
                           • in confidentiality by the SAC and Extended Access Control Mechanism.
                       This TOE addresses the Chip Authentication described in [12] as an alternative to the
                       Active Authentication stated in [11].
               1.3.3 Basic Access Control
                       The confidentiality by Basic Access Control (BAC) is a mandatory security feature that is
                       implemented by the TOE. For BAC, the inspection system
                              (i) reads optically the MRTD,
                              (ii) authenticates itself as an inspection system by means of Document Basic Access
                                    Keys.
                       After successful authentication of the inspection system the MRTD’s chip provides read
                       access to the logical MRTD by means of private communication (secure messaging) with
                       this inspection system [11], normative appendix 5.
                       In compliance with the ICAO Extended protection profile [5], this ST requires the TOE to
                       implement the Chip Authentication defined in [12]. The Chip Authentication prevents data
                       traces described in [11], informative appendix 7, A7.3.3. The Chip Authentication is
                       provided by the following steps:
                              (i) the inspection system communicates by means of secure messaging established
                                   by Basic Access Control,
                              (ii) the inspection system reads and verifies by means of the Passive Authentication
                                    the authenticity of the MRTD’s Chip Authentication Public Key using the
                                    Document Security Object,
                              (iii) the inspection system generates an ephemeral key pair,




                                          All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                             Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                  6 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                          ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite



                           (iv) the TOE and the inspection system agree on two session keys for secure
                                messaging in ENC_MAC mode according to the Diffie-Hellman Primitive and
                           (v) the inspection system verifies by means of received message authentication
                                codes whether the MRTD’s chip was able or not to run this protocol properly (i.e.
                                the TOE proves to be in possession of the Chip Authentication Private Key
                                corresponding to the Chip Authentication Public Key used for derivation of the
                                session keys).
                       The Chip Authentication requires collaboration of the TOE and the TOE environment.
               1.3.4 PACE
                       The confidentiality by Password Authenticated Access Control (PACE) is a mandatory
                       security feature of the TOE. The travel document shall strictly conform to the “Common
                       Criteria Protection Profile Machine Readable Travel Document using Standard Inspection
                       Procedure with PACE (PACE PP)” [6]. Note that [6] considers high attack potential.
                       For the PACE protocol according to [14], the following steps shall be performed:
                           (i) The travel document’s chip encrypts a nonce with the shared password, derived
                                from the MRZ resp. CAN data and transmits the encrypted nonce together with
                                the domain parameters to the terminal
                           (ii) The terminal recovers the nonce using the shared password, by (physically)
                                 reading the MRZ resp. CAN data.
                           (iii) The travel document’s chip and terminal computer perform a Diffie-Hellman key
                                 agreement together with the ephemeral domain parameters to create a shared
                                 secret. Both parties derive the session keys KMAC and KENC from the shared
                                 secret.
                           (iv) Each party generates an authentication token, sends it to the other party and
                                verifies the received token.
               1.3.5 Extended Access Control
                       In compliance with the ICAO Extended protection profile [5], this ST requires the TOE to
                       implement the Extended Access Control as defined in [12]. The Extended Access Control
                       consists of two parts:
                           (i) the Chip Authentication Protocol and
                           (ii) the Terminal Authentication Protocol.
                       The Chip Authentication Protocol:
                           (i) authenticates the MRTD’s chip to the inspection system and
                           (ii) establishes secure messaging which is used by Terminal Authentication to protect
                                 the confidentiality and integrity of the sensitive biometric reference data during
                                 their transmission from the TOE to the inspection system.
                       Therefore Terminal Authentication can only be performed if Chip Authentication has been
                       successfully executed. The Terminal Authentication Protocol consists of
                           (i) the authentication of the inspection system as entity authorized by the receiving
                                State or Organization through the issuing State, and




                                       All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                  7 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                           ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                     Security Target Lite



                             (ii) an access control by the TOE to allow reading the sensitive biometric reference
                                   data only to successfully authenticated authorized inspection systems.
                       The issuing State or Organization authorizes the receiving State by means of certification
                       the authentication public keys of Document Verifiers who create Inspection System
                       Certificate.
               1.3.6 Active Authentication
                       This TOE offers an optional mechanism called Active Authentication and specified in [12]
                       section 1.2. This security feature is a digital security feature that prevents cloning by
                       introducing a chip-individual key pair:
                             (i) The public key is stored in data group DG15 and thus protected by Passive
                                  Authentication.
                             (ii) The corresponding private key is stored in secure memory and may only be used
                                   internally by the MRTD chip and cannot be read out.
                       Thus, the chip can prove knowledge of this private key in a challenge-response protocol,
                       which is called Active Authentication. In this protocol the MRTD chip digitally signs a
                       challenge randomly chosen by the inspection system. The inspection system recognizes
                       that the MRTD chip is genuine if and only if the returned signature is correct. Active
                       Authentication is a straightforward protocol and prevents cloning very effectively but
                       introduces a privacy threat: Challenge Semantics (see Appendix F for a discussion on
                       Challenge Semantics).
               1.3.7 TOE Components and Composite Certification
                       The certification of this TOE is a composite certification. This means that for the
                       certification of this TOE other certifications of components which are part of this TOE are
                       re-used. In the following sections more detailed descriptions of the components of Figure
                       1 are provided. In the description it is also made clear whether a component is covered
                       by a previous certification or whether it is covered in the certification of this TOE.
                       Micro Controller
                       The Micro Controller is a secure smart card controller from NXP’s SmartMX3 family. The
                       Micro Controller contains a co-processor for symmetric cryptographic operations,
                       supporting DES and AES, as well as an accelerator for asymmetric cryptographic
                       algorithms. The Micro Controller further contains a physical random number generator.
                       The supported memory technologies are volatile (Random Access Memory (RAM)) and
                       non-volatile (Read Only Memory (ROM) and FLASH) memory.
                       Access to all memory types is controlled by a Memory Management Unit (MMU) which
                       allows to separate and restrict access to parts of the memory.
                       The Micro Controller has been certified in a previous certification and the results are re-
                       used for this certification. The exact reference to the previous certification is given in the
                       following table:

                       Table 2.    Reference to Certified Micro Controller with IC Dedicated Software and Crypto
                                   Library
                           Name                   NXP Secure Smart Card Controller N7121 with IC Dedicated
                                                  Software and Crypto Library




                                        All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                           Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                  8 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                 ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                           Security Target Lite



                           Certification ID                         BSI-DSZ-CC-1040
                           Reference                                [26]

                       Security IC Dedicated IC Software
                       Micro Controller Firmware
                       The Micro Controller Firmware is used for testing of the Micro Controller at production,
                       for booting of the Micro Controller after power-up or after reset, for configuration of
                       communication devices and for writing data to volatile and non-volatile memory.
                       The Micro Controller Firmware has been certified together with the Micro Controller (refer
                       to Table 2) and the same references [26] as given for the Micro Controller also apply for
                       the Micro Controller Firmware.
                       Crypto Library
                       The Crypto Library provides implementations for symmetric and asymmetric
                       cryptographic operations, hashing, the generation of hybrid deterministic and hybrid
                       physical random numbers and further tools like secure copy and compare. The
                       symmetric cryptographic operations comprise the algorithms 3DES, AES and
                       KoreanSEED, where these algorithms use the symmetric co-processor of the Micro
                       Controller. The supported asymmetric cryptographic operations are ECC and RSA.
                       These algorithms use the Public Key Crypto Coprocessor (PKCC) of the Micro Controller
                       for the cryptographic operations.
                       The Crypto Library has been certified together with the Micro Controller (refer to Table 2)
                       and the same references [26] as given for the Micro Controller also apply.
                       Security IC Embedded Software
                       JCOP 4 P71
                       The Operating System consists of JCVM, JCRE, JCAPI and GP framework. It is
                       implemented according to the Java Card Specification and GlobalPlatform and has been
                       certified in the course of a previous certification, where the results are re-used for this
                       certification. The exact reference to the certification is given in the following table:

                       Table 3.        Reference to certified Platform
                       Name                                       JCOP 4 P71
                           Configurations relevant for this TOE                        JCOP 4 P71 v4.7 R1.00.4
                                                                                       JCOP 4 P71 v4.7 R1.01.4
                           Certification ID                                            NSCIB-CC-180212
                           Reference                                                   [27]

                       ChipDoc v3 application:
                       The Target of Evaluation (TOE) is the integrated circuit chip of machine readable travel
                       documents (MRTD’s chip) programmed according to the Logical Data Structure (LDS)
                       [11] and providing the EAC and SAC mechanisms according to the ‘ICAO Doc 9303’ [11]
                       and BSI TR-03110 [15], respectively.
                       The TOE comprises at least:
                            • the circuitry of the MRTD’s chip (N7121 IC)




                                              All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                                 Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                  9 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                               ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                         Security Target Lite



                            • the IC Embedded Software (JCOP 4 P71 Operating System)
                            • the MRTD application (ChipDoc v3 applet in ICAO configuration)
                            • the associated guidance documentation
               1.3.8 TOE Lifecycle
                       The TOE lifecycle is shown in Fig 2 TOE Life Cycle. Described in terms of the four life
                       cycle phases (subdivided to 7 steps) mentioned in PP0055 [3], but with a refinement in
                       pre-personalisation, to support platform patching by the MRTD manufacturer who
                       operates from a CC certified site.
                       The IC Developer, IC Manufacturer as well as the MRTD Embedded Software Developer
                       of this TOE is NXP Semiconductors. In particular the software development for this
                       composite TOE took place at “NXP Gratkorn, Mikron-Weg 1, A-8101 Gratkorn, Austria”.
                       All other sites contributing to the Lifecycle of this TOE can be read from the certification
                       report of the underlying IC1.
                       Phase 1 “Development”
                       (Step 1 – IC Design)
                       The IC developer develops the integrated circuit, the IC Dedicated Software and the
                       guidance documentation associated with these TOE components.
                       (Step 2 – Embedded Software Design)
                       The embedded software developer uses the guidance documentation for the integrated
                       circuit and the guidance documentation for relevant parts of the IC Dedicated Software
                       and develops the operating system, the MRTD application and the guidance
                       documentation associated with these TOE components.
                       Phase 2 “Manufacturing”
                       (Step 3 – IC Manufacturing)
                       In the first instance the TOE integrated circuit is produced containing the MRTD’s chip
                       Dedicated Software and the parts of the MRTD’s chip Embedded Software in the non-
                       volatile non-programmable memories (ROM). The IC manufacturer programs IC
                       Identification Data onto the chip to control the IC as MRTD material during the IC
                       manufacturing and the delivery process to the MRTD manufacturer. The IC is securely
                       delivered from the IC manufacturer to the MRTD manufacturer.
                       (Step 4 – IC Initialisation)
                       The Embedded Software which constitutes the Operating System and the Card Content
                       Manager is enabled with the requisite keys loaded and transport mechanisms enabled,
                       which supports the secure transport of the IC from NXP manufacturing facility to the
                       MRTD Manufacturer facility.




                              1
                       1.         BSI-DSZ-CC-1040

                                            All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                               Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                10 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                          ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite




  Fig 2.   TOE Life Cycle



                       (Step 5 - PrePersonalisation)
                       During the step Pre-Perso, the MRTD manufacturer
                            (i) creates the MRTD application and
                            (ii) equips MRTD’s chips with pre-personalization Data.
                       IC Pre-Personalization
                       To create the application, it is necessary to instantiate the applet and create an MRTD
                       file system. In addition to the certified MRTD file system, one or more additional file
                       systems may be present on the TOE. This allows the TOE user to switch between more
                       than one (potentially certified) file systems or configurations of the application. Since the
                       ChipDoc v3 application offers electronic identity, driving license or SSCD functionalities
                       in addition to MRTD, the associated file systems may coexist on the TOE.
                       Any platform patching required is completed at this point. For e-passport products, Card
                       Content Management is finalized in this phase, thus post issuance applet loading is
                       disabled and the platform closed to further amendments.




                                       All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                11 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                            ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                      Security Target Lite



                       The pre-personalized MRTD together with the IC Identifier is securely delivered from the
                       MRTD manufacturer to the Personalization Agent. NXP or the MRTD Manufacturer also
                       provides the relevant parts of the guidance documentation to the Personalization Agent.
                       (Packaging)
                       The MRTD manufacturer combines the IC with hardware for the contactless interface in
                       the passport book.
                       IC Packaging
                       MRTD Manufacturing
                       This step corresponds to the integration of the hardware and firmware components into
                       the final product body. The TOE is protected during transfer between various parties. IC
                       Packaging and MRTD Manufacturing are not part of the scope of this TOE.
                       Phase 3 “Personalization of the MRTD”
                       (Step 6 - Personalization)
                       The personalization of the MRTD includes:
                           • the survey of the MRTD holder’s biographical data,
                           • the enrolment of the MRTD holder biometric reference data,
                           • the printing of the visual readable data onto the physical MRTD,
                           • the writing of the TOE User Data and TSF Data into the logical MRTD and
                           • configuration of the TSF if necessary.
                       The step 6 is performed by the Personalization Agent and includes but is not limited to
                       the creation of the digital MRZ data (EF.DG1), the digitized portrait (EF.DG2), the
                       biometric reference data of finger(s) (EF.DG3) or iris image(s) (EF.DG4) or both, the
                       other data according to LDS (EF.DG5 to EF.DG16) and the Document security object.
                       The signing of the Document security object by the Document signer [11] finalizes the
                       personalization of the genuine MRTD for the MRTD holder. The personalized MRTD
                       (together with appropriate guidance for TOE use if necessary) is handed over to the
                       MRTD holder for operational use.
                       Personalization – 3rd Party Personalization facility
                       The TOE is protected during transfer between various parties by the confidential
                       information which resides in the card during mask production.
                       In case the personalization is done by 3rd party personalization facility, the
                       Personalization phase is not part of the scope of this TOE.
                       Phase 4 “Operational Use”
                       Where upon the card is delivered to the MRTD holder and until MRTD is expired or
                       destroyed.
                       (Step 7)
                       The TOE is used as MRTD chip by the traveler and the inspection systems in the
                       “Operational Use” phase. The user data can be read according to the security policy of
                       the issuing State or Organization and can be used according to the security policy of the
                       issuing State but they can never be modified.




                                         All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                            Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                12 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                                     Security Target Lite



                       The Operational Use phase is not part of the scope of this TOE.
               1.3.9 TOE Identification
                       TOE Delivery
                       The delivery comprises the following items:

                       Table 4.         Delivery Items
                       Type                 Name                                                                          Version Form of delivery
                           JCOP 4 P71        NXP Secure Smart Card Controller N7121                                       R1.00.4 Micro Controller
                           Platform          with IC Dedicated Software and Crypto                                        R1.01.4 including on-chip
                                             Library                                                                              software: Firmware,
                                             ROM Code (Platform ID)                                                               Crypto Library and
                                                                                                                                  JCOP 4 Operating
                                             FLASH content (FLASH ID)
                                                                                                                                  System
                                             Patch Code (Patch ID)
                           ChipDoc v3        FLASH content                                                                3.0.0.52 Application software
                           application                                                                                             loaded onto the IC
                           Document          ChipDoc 3.0 User Guide Manual [28]                                           2.5      Electronic Document
                           Document          ChipDoc 3.0 ICAO Personalization Guide [29] 2.5                                       Electronic Document

                       Identification of the TOE
                       The TOE can be identified by
                              •       identifying the JCOP 4 P71 platform: The IDENTIFY command shall be sent to
                                      the TOE to verify the correct values of Platform ID, the FLASH ID and the Patch
                                      ID as stated in section "2.2 Platform identification" of the Personalization
                                      Guidance for this TOE [29].
                              •       identifying the ICAO application: The ChipDoc v3 application and the specific
                                      TOE configuration (ICAO EAC) can be verified according the respective
                                      instructions in section “2. Identification” of the Personalization Guidance for this
                                      TOE [29].


             1.3.10 Evaluated Package Types
                       A number of package types are supported for this TOE. All package types, which are
                       covered by the certification of the used platform (see [27]), are also allowed to be used in
                       combination with each product of this TOE.
                       The package types do not influence the security functionality of the TOE. They only
                       define which pads are connected in the package and for what purpose and in which
                       environment the chip can be used. Note that the security of the TOE is not dependent on
                       which pad is connected or not - the connections just define how the product can be used.
                       If the TOE is delivered as wafer the customer can choose the connection on his own.




                                             All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.                © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                                Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                           13 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                            ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                      Security Target Lite



2. Conformance Claims
                 2.1 CC Conformance Claim
                       The ST claims compliance with the following references:
                           • Common Criteria Version 3.1 Part 1 [1]
                           • Common Criteria Version 3.1 Part 2 [2] extended
                           • Common Criteria Version 3.1 Part 3 [3] conformant
                       Extensions are based on the Protection Profiles (PP [5] and PP [6]) presented in the next
                       section:
                           • FAU_SAS.1 ‘Audit data storage’
                           • FCS_RND.1 ‘Generation of random numbers’
                           • FIA_API.1 ‘Authentication Proof of Identity’
                           • FMT_LIM.1 ‘Limited capabilities’
                           • FMT_LIM.2 ‘Limited availability’
                           • FPT_EMSEC.1 ‘TOE emanation’

                 2.2 Package Claim
                       This Security Target claims conformance to the assurance package EAL5 augmented.
                       The augmentations to EAL5 are:
                           • ALC_DVS.2, and
                           • AVA_VAN.5

                 2.3 PP Claim
                       This ST claims strict conformance to the following Protection Profiles:
                           Protection Profile [5]
                           Common Criteria Protection Profile Machine Readable Travel Document with
                           “ICAO Application”, Extended Access Control with PACE (EAC PP)
                           Version             1.3.2
                           Date                05th December 2012
                           Prepared by         Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik (BSI)
                           Identification      PP0056V2
                           Approved by         Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik (BSI)
                           Registration        BSI-CC-PP-0056-V2-2012
                           Assurance Level     Common Criteria 3.1 EAL 4 augmented by ALC_DVS.2,
                                               ATE_DPT.2 and AVA_VAN.5


                           Protection Profile [6]
                           Common Criteria Protection Profile Machine Readable Travel Document using
                           Standard Inspection Procedure with PACE (PACE PP)
                           Version             1.01




                                         All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                            Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                14 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                          ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite



                           Date                     22nd July 2014
                           Prepared by              Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik (BSI)
                           Identification           PP0068V2
                           Approved by              Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik (BSI)
                           Registration             BSI-CC-PP-0068-V2-2011-MA-01
                           Assurance Level          Common Criteria 3.1 EAL 4 augmented by ALC_DVS.2,
                                                    ATE_DPT.2 and AVA_VAN.5


                       The ICAO SAC and EAC PPs define the security objectives and requirements for the
                       contactless chip of machine readable travel documents (MRTD) based on the
                       requirements and recommendations of the International Civil Aviation Organization
                       (ICAO). It addresses the advanced security methods SAC and Extended Access Control
                       and Chip Authentication similar to the Active Authentication in the Technical reports of
                       ‘ICAO Doc 9303’ [11] along with its supplements [13] and [14].
                       This MRTD’s IC does not limit the TOE interfaces to contactless: both contact and
                       contactless interfaces are part of this TOE and the PP content has been enhanced for
                       this purpose.
                       Additions to the claims from the PPs [5] [6] have been added to the related sections of
                       this Security Target and are listed including rationales in section 8.4 of this Security
                       Target.




                                       All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                15 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                           ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                     Security Target Lite



3. Security Problem Definition
                 3.1 Assets
                       The assets to be protected by the TOE include the User Data on the travel document’s
                       chip, user data transferred between the TOE and the terminal, and travel document
                       tracing data.


                       Logical travel document sensitive User Data
                       Sensitive biometric reference data (Integrity and Confidentiality):
                           • EF.DG3: Biometric Finger(s)
                           • EF.DG4: Biometric Eye(s) Iris


                       Logical MRTD data
                       The ‘ICAO Doc 9303’ [11] requires that Basic Inspection Systems must have access to
                       the following logical data which integrity should always be preserved (integrity,
                       Confidentiality and Authenticity when PACE is used):
                           • EF.COM: Common Data Elements, lists the existing EF with the user data
                           • EF.SOD: Document Security Object according to LDS [11] used by the inspection
                             system for Passive Authentication of the logical MRTD
                           • EF.DG1: document’s data (Type, Issuing State or Organization, Number, Expiry
                             Date, Optional Data), holder’s data (Name, Nationality, Date of Birth, Sex) and Check
                             Digits
                           • EF.DG2: Encoded Face (Global Interchange Feature)
                           • EF.DG5: Biometric Face
                           • EF.DG7: Displayed Signature or Usual Mark
                           • EF.DG8: Displayed Portrait
                           • EF.DG9: Data Feature(s)
                           • EF.DG10: Structure Feature(s)
                           • EF.DG11: Additional Personal Detail(s)
                           • EF.DG12: Additional Document Detail(s)
                           • EF.DG13: optional Detail(s)
                           • EF.DG14: Security Info (Chip Authentication Public Key Info)
                           • EF.DG15: Active Authentication Public Key Info
                           • EF.DG16: Person(s) to Notify
                       Due to interoperability reasons with ‘ICAO Doc 9303’ [11], the TOE specifies the BAC
                       mechanisms with resistance against enhanced basic attack potential granting access to:
                           • Logical MRTD standard User Data (i.e. Personal Data) of the MRTD holder (EF.DG1,
                             EF.DG2, EF.DG5 to EF.DG13, EF.DG16) (DG6 is absent),




                                        All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                           Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                16 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                            ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                      Security Target Lite



                           • Chip Authentication Public Key in EF.DG14,
                           • Active Authentication Public Key in EF.DG15,
                           • Document Security Object (SOD) in EF.SOD,
                           • Common data in EF.COM.
                       The TOE prevents read access to sensitive User Data
                           • Sensitive biometric reference data (EF.DG3, EF.DG4).


                       Authenticity of the MRTD’s chip
                       The authenticity of the MRTD’s chip personalized by the issuing State or Organization for
                       the MRTD holder is used by the traveler to prove his possession of a genuine MRTD.
                       This authenticity relies on the confidentiality and integrity of data such as the Active
                       Authentication Public Key, PACE key, EF.CARDACCESS info or the Chip Authentication
                       Private Key.


                       Additional assets from the PACE PP
                       The primary assets
                           • User data stored on the TOE,
                           • User data transferred between the TOE and the terminal connected, and
                           • Travel document tracing data,
                       And the secondary assets
                           • Accessibility to the TOE functions and data only for authorized subjects,
                           • Genuineness of the TOE,
                           • TOE internal secret cryptographic keys,
                           • TOE internal non-secret cryptographic material, and
                           • Travel document communication establishment authorization data.



                 3.2 Subjects
                       This Security Target considers the following subjects:
                       S.Manufacturer
                       The generic term for the IC Manufacturer producing the integrated circuit and the MRTD
                       Manufacturer completing the IC to the MRTD’s chip. The Manufacturer is the default user
                       of the TOE during the Phase 2 Manufacturing. The TOE does not distinguish between
                       the users IC Manufacturer and MRTD Manufacturer using this role Manufacturer.
                       S.Personalizer              Personalization Agent
                       The agent is acting on behalf of the issuing State or Organization to personalize the
                       MRTD for the holder by some or all of the following activities: (i) establishing the identity
                       of the holder for the biographic data in the MRTD, (ii) enrolling the biometric reference




                                         All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                            Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                17 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                          ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite



                       data of the MRTD holder i.e. the portrait, the encoded finger image(s) and/or the
                       encoded iris image(s), (iii) writing these data on the physical and logical MRTD for the
                       holder as defined for global, international and national interoperability, (iv) writing the
                       initial TSF data and (v) signing the Document Security Object defined in [11].
                       S.Country      Country Verifying Certification Authority
                       The Country Verifying Certification Authority (CVCA) enforces the privacy policy of the
                       issuing State or Organization with respect to the protection of sensitive biometric
                       reference data stored in the MRTD. The CVCA represents the country specific root of the
                       PKI of Inspection Systems and creates the Document Verifier Certificates within this PKI.
                       The updates of the public key of the CVCA are distributed in the form of Country
                       Verifying CA Link-Certificates.
                       S.DV         Document Verifier
                       The Document Verifier (DV) enforces the privacy policy of the receiving State with
                       respect to the protection of sensitive biometric reference data to be handled by the
                       Extended Inspection Systems. The Document Verifier manages the authorization of the
                       Extended Inspection Systems for the sensitive data of the MRTD in the limits provided by
                       the issuing States or Organizations in the form of the Document Verifier Certificates.
                       S.Terminal
                       A terminal is any technical system communicating with the TOE through its physical
                       interfaces.
                       S.IS-PACE      Inspection system
                       A technical system used by the border control officer of the receiving State (i) examining
                       an MRTD presented by the traveler and verifying its authenticity and (ii) verifying the
                       traveler as MRTD holder. The Basic Inspection System (BIS) (i) contains a terminal for
                       the communication with the MRTD’s chip, (ii) implements the terminals part of the Basic
                       Access Control Mechanism and (iii) gets the authorization to read the logical MRTD
                       under the Basic Access Control by optical reading the MRTD or other parts of the
                       passport book providing this information. The General Inspection System (GIS) is a
                       Basic Inspection System which implements additionally the Chip Authentication
                       Mechanism. The IS-PACE implements the terminal’s part of the PACE protocol and
                       authenticates itself to the travel document using a shared password (PACE password)
                       and supports Passive Authentication. The Extended Inspection System (EIS) in
                       addition to the General Inspection System (i) implements the Terminal Authentication
                       Protocol and (ii) is authorized by the issuing State or Organization through the Document
                       Verifier of the receiving State to read the sensitive biometric reference data. The security
                       attributes of the EIS are defined of the Inspection System Certificates.
                       S.Holder       MRTD Holder
                       The rightful holder of the MRTD for whom the issuing State or Organization personalized
                       the MRTD.
                       S.Traveler
                       Person presenting the MRTD to the inspection system and claiming the identity of the
                       MRTD holder.




                                       All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                18 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                          ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite



                 3.3 Assumptions
                       The assumptions describe the security aspects of the environment in which the TOE will
                       be used or is intended to be used.
                       A.Insp_Sys          Inspection Systems for global interoperability
                       The Extended Inspection System (EIS) for global interoperability (i) includes the Country
                       Signing CA Public Key and (ii) implements the terminal part of PACE and/or BAC (with
                       optional Active Authentication). BAC may only be used if supported by the TOE. If both
                       PACE and BAC are supported by the TOE and the IS, PACE must be used. The EIS
                       reads the logical travel document under PACE or BAC and performs the Chip
                       Authentication v.1 to verify the logical travel document and establishes secure
                       messaging. EIS supports the Terminal Authentication Protocol v.1 in order to ensure
                       access control and is authorized by the issuing State or Organisation through the
                       Document Verifier of the receiving State to read the sensitive biometric reference data.
                       A.Passive_Auth PKI for Passive Authentication
                       The issuing and receiving States or Organisations establish a public key infrastructure for
                       passive authentication i.e. digital signature creation and verification for the logical travel
                       document. The issuing State or Organisation runs a Certification Authority (CA) which
                       securely generates, stores and uses the Country Signing CA Key pair. The CA keeps the
                       Country Signing CA Private Key secret and is recommended to distribute the Country
                       Signing CA Public Key to ICAO, all receiving States maintaining its integrity. The
                       Document Signer
                           (i) generates the Document Signer Key Pair,
                           (ii) hands over the Document Signer Public Key to the CA for certification,
                           (iii) keeps the Document Signer Private Key secret and
                           (iv) uses securely the Document Signer Private Key for signing the Document
                                Security Objects of the travel documents. The CA creates the Document Signer
                                Certificates for the Document Signer Public Keys that are distributed to the
                                receiving States and Organisations. It is assumed that the Personalisation Agent
                                ensures that the Document Security Object contains only the hash values of
                                genuine user data.
                       A.Auth_PKI          PKI for Inspection Systems
                       The issuing and receiving States or Organisations establish a public key infrastructure for
                       card verifiable certificates of the Extended Access Control. The Country Verifying
                       Certification Authorities, the Document Verifier and Extended Inspection Systems hold
                       authentication key pairs and certificates for their public keys encoding the access control
                       rights. The Country Verifying Certification Authorities of the issuing States or
                       Organisations are signing the certificates of the Document Verifier and the Document
                       Verifiers are signing the certificates of the Extended Inspection Systems of the receiving
                       States or Organisations. The issuing States or Organisations distribute the public keys of
                       their Country Verifying Certification Authority to their travel document’s chip.




                                       All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                19 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                          ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite



                 3.4 Threat agent
                                                 A threat agent trying
                                                         (i) to manipulate the logical travel document without authorization,
                                                         (ii) to read sensitive biometric reference data (i.e. EF.DG3,
                                                               EF.DG4),
                                                         (iii) to forge a genuine travel document, or
                           S.ATTACKER
                                                         (iv) to trace a travel document.
                                                 A threat agent trying to undermine the security policy defined by the
                                                 current Security Target, especially to change the properties of the
                                                 assets having to be maintained.
                                                 This threat agent has high attack potential.


                       Application note: An impostor is attacking the inspection system as TOE IT
                       environment independent on using a genuine, counterfeit or forged travel document.
                       Therefore the impostor may use results of successful attacks against the TOE but the
                       attack itself is not relevant for the TOE.

                 3.5 Threats
                       The TOE in collaboration with its IT environment shall avert the threats as specified
                       below.
                       T.Read_Sensitive_Data Read the sensitive biometric reference data
                       An attacker tries to gain the sensitive biometric reference data through the
                       communication interface of the travel document’s chip.
                       The attack T.Read_Sensitive_Data is similar to the threat T.Skimming (cf. [6]) in respect
                       of the attack path (communication interface) and the motivation (to get data stored on the
                       travel document’s chip) but differs from those in the asset under the attack (sensitive
                       biometric reference data vs. digital MRZ, digitized portrait and other data), the
                       opportunity (i.e. knowing the PACE Password) and therefore the possible attack
                       methods. Note, that the sensitive biometric reference data are stored only on the travel
                       document’s chip as private sensitive personal data whereas the MRZ data and the
                       portrait are visually readable on the physical part of the travel document as well.
                       T.Counterfeit             Counterfeit MRTD’s chip
                       An attacker with high attack potential produces an unauthorized copy or reproduction of a
                       genuine travel document’s chip to be used as part of a counterfeit travel document. This
                       violates the authenticity of the travel document’s chip used for authentication of a
                       traveller by possession of a travel document.
                       The attacker may generate a new data set or extract completely or partially the data from
                       a genuine travel document’s chip and copy them to another appropriate chip to imitate
                       this genuine travel document’s chip.
                       T.Skimming          Skimming travel document / Capturing card-Terminal communication




                                       All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                20 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                          ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite



                       An attacker imitates an inspection system in order to get access to the user data stored
                       on or transferred between the TOE and the inspecting authority connected via the
                       contactless/contact interface of the TOE.
                       T.Eavesdropping           Eavesdropping on the communication between the TOE and the
                       PACE terminal
                       An attacker is listening to the communication between the travel document and the
                       PACE authenticated BIS-PACE in order to gain the user data transferred between the
                       TOE and the terminal connected.
                       T.Tracing           Counterfeit MRTD’s chip
                       An attacker tries to gather TOE tracing data (i.e. to trace the movement of the travel
                       document) unambiguously identifying it remotely by establishing or listening to a
                       communication via the contactless/contact interface of the TOE.
                       T.Forgery           Forgery of data on MRTD’s chip
                       An attacker fraudulently alters the User Data or/and TSF-data stored on the travel
                       document or/and exchanged between the TOE and the terminal connected in order to
                       outsmart the PACE authenticated BIS-PACE by means of changed travel document
                       holder’s related reference data (like biographic or biometric data). The attacker does it in
                       such a way that the terminal connected perceives these modified data as authentic one.
                       T.Abuse-Func                    Abuse of Functionality
                       An attacker may use functions of the TOE which shall not be used in TOE operational
                       phase in order
                           (i) to manipulate or to disclose the User Data stored in the TOE,
                           (ii) to manipulate or to disclose the TSF-data stored in the TOE or
                           (iii) to manipulate (bypass, deactivate or modify) soft-coded security functionality of
                                 the TOE.
                       This threat addresses the misuse of the functions for the initialisation and personalisation
                       in the operational phase after delivery to the travel document holder.
                       T.Information_Leakage Information Leakage from MRTD’s chip
                       An attacker may exploit information leaking from the TOE during its usage in order to
                       disclose confidential User Data or/and TSF-data stored on the travel document or/and
                       exchanged between the TOE and the terminal connected. The information leakage may
                       be inherent in the normal operation or caused by the attacker.
                       T.Phys-Tamper             Physical Tampering
                       An attacker may perform physical probing of the travel document in order
                           (i) to disclose the TSF-data, or
                           (ii) to disclose/reconstruct the TOE’s Embedded Software.
                       An attacker may physically modify the travel document in order to alter
                           (i) its security functionality (hardware and software part, as well),
                           (ii) the User Data or the TSF-data stored on the travel document.




                                       All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                21 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                          ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite



                       T.Malfunction             Counterfeit MRTD’s chip
                       An attacker may cause a malfunction the travel document’s hardware and Embedded
                       Software by applying environmental stress in order to
                            (i) deactivate or modify security features or functionality of the TOE’ hardware or to
                            (ii) circumvent, deactivate or modify security functions of the TOE’s Embedded
                                  Software. This may be achieved e.g. by operating the travel document outside
                                  the normal operating conditions, exploiting errors in the travel document’s
                                  Embedded Software or misusing administrative functions. To exploit these
                                  vulnerabilities an attacker needs information about the functional operation.

                 3.6 Organisational Security Policies
                       The TOE shall comply with the following Organizational Security Policies (OSP) as
                       security rules, procedures, practices, or guidelines imposed by an organization upon its
                       operations.
                       P.Sensitive_Data          Privacy of sensitive biometric reference data
                       The biometric reference data of finger(s) (EF.DG3) and iris image(s) (EF.DG4) are
                       sensitive private personal data of the travel document holder. The sensitive biometric
                       reference data can be used only by inspection systems which are authorized for this
                       access at the time the travel document is presented to the inspection system (Extended
                       Inspection Systems). The issuing State or Organisation authorizes the Document
                       Verifiers of the receiving States to manage the authorization of inspection systems within
                       the limits defined by the Document Verifier Certificate. The travel document’s chip shall
                       protect the confidentiality and integrity of the sensitive private personal data even during
                       transmission to the Extended Inspection System after Chip Authentication Version 1.
                       P.Manufact                Manufacturing of the MRTD’s chip
                       The Initialization Data are written by the IC Manufacturer to identify the IC uniquely. The
                       travel document Manufacturer writes the Pre-personalisation Data which contains at least
                       the Personalisation Agent Key.
                       P.Personalization                     Personalization of the MRTD by issuing State or Organization
                       The issuing State or Organisation guarantees the correctness of the biographical data,
                       the printed portrait and the digitized portrait, the biometric reference data and other data
                       of the logical travel document with respect to the travel document holder. The
                       personalisation of the travel document for the holder is performed by an agent authorized
                       by the issuing State or Organisation only.
                       This PP includes all OSPs from the PACE PP, chap 3.3, namely P.Pre-Operational,
                       P.Card_PKI, P.Trustworthy_PKI, P.Manufact and P.Terminal. Due to identical definitions
                       and names they are also not repeated here.
                       P.Pre-operational                     Pre-operational handling of the travel document
                       1)     The travel document Issuer issues the travel document and approves it using the
                              terminals complying with all applicable laws and regulations.




                                       All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                22 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                         ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                   Security Target Lite



                       2)    The travel document Issuer guarantees correctness of the user data (amongst
                             other of those, concerning the travel document holder) and of the TSF-data
                             permanently stored in the TOE.
                       3)    The travel document Issuer uses only such TOE’s technical components (IC)
                             which enable traceability of the travel documents in their manufacturing and
                             issuing life cycle phases, i.e. before they are in the operational phase.
                       4)    If the travel document Issuer authorises a Personalisation Agent to personalise the
                             travel document for travel document holders, the travel document Issuer has to
                             ensure that the Personalisation Agent acts in accordance with the travel document
                             Issuer’s policy.
                       P.Card_PKI                           PKI for Passive Authentication
                       1)    The travel document Issuer shall establish a public key infrastructure for the
                             passive authentication, i.e. for digital signature creation and verification for the
                             travel document. For this aim, he runs a Country Signing Certification Authority
                             (CSCA). The travel document Issuer shall publish the CSCA Certificate (CCSCA) .
                       2)    The CSCA shall securely generate, store and use the CSCA key pair. The CSCA
                             shall keep the CSCA Private Key secret and issue a self-signed CSCA Certificate
                             (CCSCA) having to be made available to the travel document Issuer by strictly
                             secure means, see [11], 5.5.1. The CSCA shall create the Document Signer
                             Certificates for the Document Signer Public Keys (CDS) and make them available
                             to the travel document Issuer, see [11], 5.5.1.
                       3)    A Document Signer shall (i) generate the Document Signer Key Pair, (ii) hand over
                             the Document Signer Public Key to the CSCA for certification, (iii) keep the
                             Document Signer Private Key secret and (iv) securely use the Document Signer
                             Private Key for signing the Document Security Objects of travel documents.
                       P.Trustworth_PKI                     Trustworthiness of the PKI
                       The CSCA shall ensure that it issues its certificates exclusively to the rightful
                       organisations (DS) and DSs shall ensure that they sign exclusively correct Document
                       Security Objects to be stored on the travel document.
                       P.Terminal                       Personalization of the MRTD by issuing State or Organization
                       only
                       The Basic Inspection Systems with PACE (IS-PACE) shall operate their terminals as
                       follows:
                       1)    The related terminals (basic inspection system, cf. above) shall be used by
                             terminal operators and by travel document holders.
                       2)    They shall implement the terminal parts of the PACE protocol, of the Passive
                             Authentication and use them in this order. The PACE terminal shall use randomly
                             and (almost) uniformly selected nonces, if required by the protocols (for generating
                             ephemeral keys for Diffie-Hellmann).
                       3)    The related terminals need not to use any own credentials.
                       4)    They shall also store the Country Signing Public Key and the Document Signer
                             Public Key (in form of CCSCA and CDS) in order to enable and to perform Passive




                                      All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                         Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                23 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                        ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                  Security Target Lite



                            Authentication (determination of the authenticity of data groups stored in the travel
                            document).
                       5)   The related terminals and their environment shall ensure confidentiality and
                            integrity of respective data handled by them (e.g. confidentiality of PACE
                            passwords, integrity of PKI certificates, etc.), where it is necessary for a secure
                            operation of the TOE according to the current PP.




                                     All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                        Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                24 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                          ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite



4. Security Objectives
                       This chapter describes the security objectives for the TOE and the security objectives for
                       the TOE environment. The security objectives for the TOE environment are separated
                       into security objectives for the development and production environment and security
                       objectives for the operational environment.
                       Extensions to the security objectives from the PPs [5] [6] are underlined and listed in
                       section 8.4.

                 4.1 SOs for the TOE
                       This section describes the security objectives for the TOE addressing the aspects of
                       identified threats to be countered by the TOE and organizational security policies to be
                       met by the TOE.


                       OT.Sens_Data_Conf                     Confidentiality of sensitive biometric reference data
                       The TOE must ensure the confidentiality of the sensitive biometric reference data
                       (EF.DG3 and EF.DG4) by granting read access only to authorized Extended Inspection
                       Systems. The authorization of the inspection system is drawn from the Inspection
                       System Certificate used for the successful authentication and shall be a non-strict subset
                       of the authorization defined in the Document Verifier Certificate in the certificate chain to
                       the Country Verifier Certification Authority of the issuing State or Organisation. The TOE
                       must ensure the confidentiality of the logical travel document data during their
                       transmission to the Extended Inspection System. The confidentiality of the sensitive
                       biometric reference data shall be protected against attacks with high attack potential.

                       OT.Chip_Auth_Proof                              Proof of MRTD’s chip authenticity
                       The TOE must support the General Inspection Systems to verify the identity and
                       authenticity of the MRTD’s chip as issued by the identified issuing State or Organization
                       by means of the Chip Authentication as defined in [12]. The authenticity proof provided
                       by MRTD’s chip shall be protected against attacks with high attack potential.
                       Application note: The OT.Chip_Auth_Proof implies the MRTD’s chip to have (i) a
                       unique identity as given by the MRTD’s Document Number, (ii) a secret to prove its
                       identity by knowledge i.e. a private authentication key as TSF data. The TOE shall
                       protect this TSF data to prevent their misuse. The terminal shall have the reference data
                       to verify the authentication attempt of MRTD’s chip i.e. a certificate for the Chip
                       Authentication Public Key that matches the Chip Authentication Private Key of the
                       MRTD’s chip. This certificate is provided by (i) the Chip Authentication Public Key
                       (EF.DG14) in the LDS [11] and (ii) the hash value of the Chip Authentication Public Key
                       in the Document Security Object signed by the Document Signer.
                       OT.AA_Proof                       Proof of MRTD’s chip authenticity by Active Authentication
                       The TOE may support the Extended Inspection Systems to verify the identity and
                       authenticity of the MRTD’s chip as issued by the identified issuing State or Organization
                       by means of the Active Authentication as defined in [11].




                                       All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                25 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                            ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                      Security Target Lite



                       OT.Data_Int                             Integrity of data
                       The TOE must ensure integrity of the User Data and the TSF-data stored on it by
                       protecting these data against unauthorised modification (physical manipulation and
                       unauthorised modifying).The TOE must ensure integrity of the User Data and the TSF-
                       data during their exchange between the TOE and the terminal connected (and
                       represented by PACE authenticated BIS-PACE) after the PACE Authentication.
                       OT.Data_Aut                             Authenticity of data
                       The TOE must ensure authenticity of the User Data and the TSF-data stored on it by
                       enabling verification of their authenticity at the terminal-side.The TOE must ensure
                       authenticity of the User Data and the TSF-data during their exchange between the TOE
                       and the terminal connected (and represented by PACE authenticated BIS-PACE) after
                       the PACE Authentication. It shall happen by enabling such a verification at the terminal-
                       side (at receiving by the terminal) and by an active verification by the TOE itself (at
                       receiving by the TOE)
                       OT.Data_Conf                            Confidentiality of data
                       The TOE must ensure confidentiality of the User Data and the TSF-data by granting read
                       access only to the PACE authenticated BIS-PACE connected. The TOE must ensure
                       confidentiality of the User Data and the TSF-data during their exchange between the
                       TOE and the terminal connected (and represented by PACE authenticated BIS-PACE)
                       after the PACE Authentication.
                       OT.Tracing                              Tracing travel document
                       The TOE must prevent gathering TOE tracing data by means of unambiguous identifying
                       the travel document remotely through establishing or listening to a communication via the
                       contactless/contact interface of the TOE without knowledge of the correct values of
                       shared passwords (PACE passwords) in advance.
                       OT.Prot_Abuse-Func                      Protection against Abuse of Functionality
                       The TOE must prevent that functions of the TOE, which may not be used in TOE
                       operational phase, can be abused in order
                             (i) to manipulate or to disclose the User Data stored in the TOE,
                             (ii) to manipulate or to disclose the TSF-data stored in the TOE,
                             (iii) to manipulate (bypass, deactivate or modify) soft-coded security functionality of
                                   the TOE.
                       OT.Prot_Inf_Leak                        Protection against Information Leakage
                       The TOE must provide protection against disclosure of confidential TSF data stored
                       and/or processed in the MRTD’s chip
                           • by measurement and analysis of the shape and amplitude of signals or the time
                             between events found by measuring signals on the electromagnetic field, power
                             consumption, clock, or I/O lines and
                           • by forcing a malfunction of the TOE and/or
                           • by a physical manipulation of the TOE.




                                         All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                            Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                26 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                               ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                         Security Target Lite



                       OT.Prot_Phys-Tamper                        Protection against Physical Tampering
                       The TOE must provide protection of the confidentiality and integrity of the User Data, the
                       TSF Data, and the MRTD’s chip Embedded Software. This includes protection against
                       attacks with high attack potential by means of
                           • measuring through galvanic contacts which is direct physical probing on the chips
                             surface except on pads being bonded (using standard tools for measuring voltage
                             and current) or
                           • measuring not using galvanic contacts but other types of physical interaction
                             between charges (using tools used in solid-state physics research and IC failure
                             analysis)
                           • manipulation of the hardware and its security features, as well as
                           • controlled manipulation of memory contents (User Data, TSF Data)
                           • with a prior
                           • reverse-engineering to understand the design and its properties and functions.
                       OT.Prot_Malfunction                        Protection against Malfunctions
                       The TOE must ensure its correct operation. The TOE must prevent its operation outside
                       the normal operating conditions where reliability and secure operation has not been
                       proven or tested.
                       This is to prevent errors. The environmental conditions may include external energy (esp.
                       electromagnetic) fields, voltage (on any contacts), clock frequency, or temperature.
                       Application note: A malfunction of the TOE may also be caused using a direct
                       interaction with elements on the chip surface. This is considered as being a manipulation
                       (refer to the objective OT.Prot_Phys-Tamper) provided that detailed knowledge about the
                       TOE´s internals.
                       OT.AC_Pers                                 Access Control for Personalization of logical MRTD
                       The TOE must ensure that the logical travel document data in EF.DG1 to EF.DG16, the
                       Document Security Object according to LDS [11] and the TSF data can be written by
                       authorized Personalisation Agents only. The logical travel document data in EF.DG1 to
                       EF.DG16 and the TSF data may be written only during and cannot be changed after
                       personalisation of the document.
                       Application note: The OT.AC_Pers implies that:
                       1) the data of the LDS groups written during personalization for MRTD holder (at least
                          EF.DG1 and EF.DG2) cannot be changed by write access after personalization,
                       2) the Personalization Agents may (i) add (fill) data into the LDS data groups not written
                          yet, and (ii) update and sign the Document Security Object accordingly. The support
                          for adding data in the “Operational Use” phase is optional.
                       OT.Identification                          Identification and Authentication of the TOE
                       The TOE must provide means to store Initialisation and Pre-Personalisation Data in its
                       non-volatile memory. The Initialisation Data must provide a unique identification of the IC
                       during the manufacturing and the card issuing life cycle phases of the travel document.




                                            All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                               Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                27 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                         ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                   Security Target Lite



                       The storage of the Pre-Personalisation data includes writing of the Personalisation Agent
                       Key(s).

                 4.2 Objective on the Environment
                       The issuing State or Organization will implement the following security objectives of the
                       TOE environment.
                       OE. Auth_Key_Travel_Document Travel document authentication keys
                       The issuing State or Organisation has to establish the necessary public key infrastructure
                       in order to
                           (i) generate the travel document’s Chip Authentication Key Pair,
                           (ii) sign and store the Chip Authentication Public Key in the Chip Authentication Public
                                 Key data in EF.DG14 and
                           (iii) support inspection systems of receiving States or Organisations to verify the
                                 authenticity of the travel document’s chip used for genuine travel document by
                                 certification of the Chip Authentication Public Key by means of the Document
                                 Security Object.


                       OE. Active_Auth_Key_Travel_Document Travel document active authentication keys
                       The issuing State or Organisation has to establish the necessary public key infrastructure
                       in order to
                           (i) generate the travel document’s Active Authentication Key Pair,
                           (ii) sign and store the Active Authentication Public Key in the Active Authentication
                                 Public Key data in EF.DG15
                           (iii) support inspection systems of receiving States or Organisations to verify the
                                 authenticity of the travel document’s chip used for genuine travel document by
                                 certification of the Active Authentication Public Key by means of the Document
                                 Security Object.
                       OE.Authoris_Sens_Data                            Authorisation for Use of Sensitive Biometric Reference
                                                                        Data
                       The issuing State or Organisation has to establish the necessary public key infrastructure
                       in order to limit the access to sensitive biometric reference data of travel document
                       holders to authorized receiving States or Organisations. The Country Verifying
                       Certification Authority of the issuing State or Organisation generates card verifiable
                       Document Verifier Certificates for the authorized Document Verifier only.
                       OE.Exam_travel_document                          Examination of the physical part of the travel document
                       The inspection system of the receiving State or Organisation must examine the travel
                       document presented by the traveller to verify its authenticity by means of the physical
                       security measures and to detect any manipulation of the physical part of the travel
                       document. The Basic Inspection System for global interoperability (i) includes the
                       Country Signing CA Public Key and the Document Signer Public Key of each issuing
                       State or Organisation, and (ii) implements the terminal part of PACE [4] and/or the Basic
                       Access Control [11]. Extended Inspection Systems perform additionally to these points
                       the Chip Authentication Protocol Version 1 to verify the Authenticity of the presented
                       travel document’s chip.




                                      All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                         Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                28 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                         ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                   Security Target Lite



                       OE.Prot_Logical_Travel_Document Protection of data from the logical travel document
                       The inspection system of the receiving State or Organisation ensures the confidentiality
                       and integrity of the data read from the logical travel document. The inspection system will
                       prevent eavesdropping to their communication with the TOE before secure messaging is
                       successfully established based on the Chip Authentication Protocol Version 1.
                       OE.Ext_Insp_system                               Authorization of extended inspection system
                       The Document Verifier of receiving States or Organisations authorizes Extended
                       Inspection Systems by creation of Inspection System Certificates for access to sensitive
                       biometric reference data of the logical travel document. The Extended Inspection System
                       authenticates themselves to the travel document’s chip for access to the sensitive
                       biometric reference data with its private Terminal Authentication Key and its Inspection
                       System Certificate.
                       OE.Legislative_Compliance                        Issuing of the travel document
                       The travel document Issuer must issue the travel document and approve it using the
                       terminals complying with all applicable laws and regulations.
                       OE.Passive_Auth_Sign                             Authentication of travel document by Signature
                       The travel document Issuer has to establish the necessary public key infrastructure as
                       follows: the CSCA acting on behalf and according to the policy of the travel document
                       Issuer must
                           (i) generate a cryptographically secure CSCA Key Pair
                           (ii) ensure the secrecy of the CSCA Private Key and sign Document Signer
                                Certificates in a secure operational environment, and
                           (iii) publish the Certificate of the CSCA Public Key (CCSCA). Hereby authenticity
                                 and integrity of these certificates are being maintained.
                       A Document Signer acting in accordance with the CSCA policy must
                           (i) generate a cryptographically secure Document Signing Key Pair,
                           (ii) ensure the secrecy of the Document Signer Private Key,
                           (iii) hand over the Document Signer Public Key to the CSCA for certification,
                           (iv) sign Document Security Objects of genuine travel documents in a secure
                                operational environment only. The digital signature in the Document Security
                                Object relates to all hash values for each data group in use according to [11].
                       The Personalisation Agent has to ensure that the Document Security Object contains
                       only the hash values of genuine user data according to [11]. The CSCA must issue its
                       certificates exclusively to the rightful organisations (DS) and DSs must sign exclusively
                       correct Document Security Objects to be stored on travel document.
                       OE.Personalization                               Personalization of logical MRTD
                       The travel document Issuer must ensure that the Personalisation Agents acting on his
                       behalf




                                      All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                         Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                29 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                          ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite



                           (i) establish the correct identity of the travel document holder and create the
                               biographical data for the travel document,
                           (ii) enrol the biometric reference data of the travel document holder,
                           (iii) write a subset of these data on the physical Passport (optical personalisation)
                                 and store them in the travel document (electronic personalisation) for the travel
                                 document holder,
                           (iv) write the document details data,
                           (v) write the initial TSF data,
                           (vi) sign the Document Security Object (in the role of a DS).
                       OE.Terminal                                       Terminal Operating
                       The terminal operators must operate their terminals as follows:
                       1) The related terminals (basic inspection systems, cf. above) are used by terminal
                          operators and by travel document holders as defined in [11].
                       2) The related terminals implement the terminal parts of the PACE protocol [3], of the
                          Passive Authentication [3] (by verification of the signature of the Document Security
                          Object) and use them in this order. The PACE terminal uses randomly and (almost)
                          uniformly selected nonces, if required by the protocols (for generating ephemeral
                          keys for Diffie-Hellmann).
                       3) The related terminals need not to use any own credentials.
                       4) The related terminals securely store the Country Signing Public Key and the
                          Document Signer Public Key (in form of CCSCA and CDS) in order to enable and to
                          perform Passive Authentication of the travel document (determination of the
                          authenticity of data groups stored in the travel document, [11]).
                       5) The related terminals and their environment must ensure confidentiality and integrity
                          of respective data handled by them (e.g. confidentiality of the PACE passwords,
                          integrity of PKI certificates, etc.), where it is necessary for a secure operation of the
                          TOE according to the current PP.
                       OE.Travel_Document_Holder Travel document holder obligations
                       The travel document holder may reveal, if necessary, his or her verification values of the
                       PACE password to an authorized person or device who definitely act according to
                       respective regulations and are trustworthy.




                                       All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                30 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                                                ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Security Target Lite



                 4.3 Security objectives rationale
                        All the security objectives described in the ST are traced back to items described in the
                        TOE security environment and any items in the TOE security environment are covered
                        by those security objectives appropriately.
               4.3.1 Security Objectives Coverage
                        The following able indicates that all security objectives of the TOE are traced back to
                        threats and/or organizational security policies and that all security objectives of the
                        environment are traced back to threats, organizational security policies and/or
                        assumptions.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             OE.Active_Auth_Key_Travel_Document




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    OE.Prot_Logical_Travel_Document
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               OE.Auth_Key_Travel_Document
                      Threats




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          OE.Travel_Document_Holder
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          OE.Exam_Travel_Document




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      OE.Legislative_Compliance
                    Assumptions




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  OE.Authoriz_Sens_Data




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     OE-Passive_Auth_Sign
                      Policies




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            OE.OE.Personalisation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   OT.Prot_Phys-Tamper




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      OE.Ext_Insp_Systems
                                                                                                                                                                       OT.Prot_Abuse-Func
                                           OT.Sens_Data_Conf




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         OT.Prot_Malfunction
                                                               OT.Chip_Aut_Proof




                          /



                                                                                                                                                                                            OT.Prot_Inf_Leak
                                                                                                                                                                                                               OT.Identification
                      Security
                                                                                                                                           OT.Data_Conf
                                                                                    OT.AA_Proof




                                                                                                                             OT.Data_Aut
                                                                                                  OT.AC_Pers




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            OE.Terminal
                     objectives
                                                                                                               OT.Data_Int




                                                                                                                                                          OT.Tracing




                  T.Read_Sensitive_Dat
                                           X                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      X                                                                                   X
                  a
                  T.Counterfeit                                X                    X                                                                                                                                                                                          X                             X                                                            X
                  T.Skimming                                                                                   X             X             X                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              X
                  T.Eavesdropping                                                                                                          X
                  T.Tracing                                                                                                                               X                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               X
                  T.Abuse-func                                                                                                                                         X
                  T.Information_Leakag
                                                                                                                                                                                            X
                  e
                  T.Phys-Tamper                                                                                                                                                                                                    X
                  T.Malfunction                                                                                                                                                                                                                          X
                  T.Forgery                                                                       X            X             X                                         X                                                           X                                                                                                                                      X                                                                                 X                       X                       X
                  P.Sensitive_data         X                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      X                                                                                   X
                  P.Personalization                                                               X                                                                                                            X                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            X
                  P.Manufact                                                                                                                                                                                   X
                  P.Pre-Operational                                                               X                                                                                                            X                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            X                                                                                         X
                  P.Terminal                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              X                                                                                                                                 X
                  P.Card_PKI                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        X
                  P.Thrustworthy_PKI                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                X
                  A.Insp_Sys                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              X                         X
                  A.Auth_PKI                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      X                                                                                   X
                  A.Passive_Auth                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          X                                                                                                         X


                        Table 5.       Security Environment to Security Objectives Mapping




                                           All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                                                           Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      31 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                          ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite



               4.3.2 Security Objectives Sufficiency
                       The threat T.Skimming addresses accessing the User Data (stored on the TOE or
                       transferred between the TOE and the terminal) using the TOE’s contactless/contact
                       interface. This threat is countered by the security objectives OT.Data_Inty, OT.Data_Aut
                       and OT.Data_Conf through the PACE authentication. The objective
                       OE.Travel_Document_Holder ensures that a PACE session can only be established
                       either by the travel document holder itself or by an authorised person or device, and,
                       hence, cannot be captured by an attacker.
                       The threat T.Eavesdropping addresses listening to the communication between the
                       TOE and a rightful terminal in order to gain the User Data transferred there. This threat is
                       countered by the security objective OT.Data_Conf through a trusted channel based on
                       the PACE authentication.
                       The threat T.Tracing addresses gathering TOE tracing data identifying it remotely by
                       establishing or listening to a communication via the contactless/contact interface of the
                       TOE, whereby the attacker does not a priori know the correct values of the PACE
                       password. This threat is directly countered by security objectives OT.Tracing (no
                       gathering TOE tracing data) and OE.Travel_Document_Holder (the attacker does not a
                       priori know the correct values of the shared passwords).
                       The threat T.Forgery addresses the fraudulent, complete or partial alteration of the User
                       Data or/and TSF-data stored on the TOE or/and exchanged between the TOE and the
                       terminal. The security objective OT.AC_Pers requires the TOE to limit the write access
                       for the travel document to the trustworthy Personalisation Agent (cf.
                       OE.Personalisation). The TOE will protect the integrity and authenticity of the stored
                       and exchanged User Data or/and TSF-data as aimed by the security objectives
                       OT.Data_Int and OT.Data_Aut, respectively. The objectives OT.Prot_Phys-Tamper
                       and OT.Prot_Abuse-Func contribute to protecting integrity of the User Data or/and TSF-
                       data stored on the TOE. A terminal operator operating his terminals according to
                       OE.Terminal and performing the Passive Authentication using the Document Security
                       Object as aimed by OE.Passive_Auth_Sign will be able to effectively verify integrity and
                       authenticity of the data received from the TOE. Additionally, the examination of the
                       presented MRTD passport book according to OE.Exam_Travel_Document
                       “Examination of the physical part of the travel document” shall ensure its authenticity by
                       means of the physical security measures and detect any manipulation of the physical
                       part of the travel document.
                       The examination of the travel document addressed by the assumption A.Insp_Sys
                       “Inspection Systems for global interoperability” is covered by the security objectives for
                       the TOE environment OE.Exam_Travel_Document “Examination of the physical part of
                       the travel document” which requires the inspection system to examine physically the
                       travel document, the Basic Inspection System to implement the Basic Access Control,
                       and the Extended Inspection Systems to implement and to perform the Chip
                       Authentication Protocol Version 1 to verify the Authenticity of the presented travel
                       document’s chip. The security objectives for the TOE environment
                       OE.Prot_Logical_Travel_Document “Protection of data from the logical travel
                       document” require the Inspection System to protect the logical travel document data
                       during the transmission and the internal handling.




                                       All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                32 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                         ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                   Security Target Lite



                       The threat T.Abuse-Func addresses attacks of misusing TOE’s functionality to
                       manipulate or to disclosure the stored User- or TSF-data as well as to disable or to
                       bypass the soft- coded security functionality. The security objective OT.Prot_Abuse-
                       Func ensures that the usage of functions having not to be used in the operational phase
                       is effectively prevented.
                       The threats T.Information_Leakage, T.Phys-Tamper and T.Malfunction are typical for
                       integrated circuits like smart cards under direct attack with high attack potential. The
                       protection of the TOE against these threats is obviously addressed by the directly related
                       security objectives OT.Prot_Inf_Leak, OT.Prot_Phys-Tamper and
                       OT.Prot_Malfunction, respectively.
                       The OSP P.Manufact “Manufacturing of the travel document’s chip” requires a unique
                       identification of the IC by means of the Initialization Data and the writing of the Pre-
                       personalisation Data as being fulfilled by OT.Identification.
                       The OSP P.Pre-Operational is enforced by the following security objectives:
                       OT.Identification is affine to the OSP’s property ‘traceability before the operational
                       phase’; OT.AC_Pers and OE.Personalisation together enforce the OSP’s properties
                       ‘correctness of the User- and the TSF-data stored’ and ‘authorisation of Personalisation
                       Agents’; OE.Legislative_Compliance is affine to the OSP’s property ‘compliance with
                       laws and regulations’.
                       The OSP P.Terminal is obviously enforced by the objective OE.Terminal, whereby the
                       one-to-one mapping between the related properties is applicable. Additionally, this OSP
                       is countered by the security objective OE.Exam_Travel_Document, that enforces the
                       terminals to perform the terminal part of the PACE protocol.
                       The OSP P.Card_PKI is enforced by establishing the issuing PKI branch as aimed by
                       the objectives OE.Passive_Auth_Sign (for the Document Security Object).
                       The OSP P.Trustworthy_PKI is enforced by OE.Passive_Auth_Sign (for CSCA,
                       issuing PKI branch).
                       The Assumption A.Passive_Auth “PKI for Passive Authentication” is directly addressed
                       by OE.Passive_Auth_Sign requiring the travel document issuer to establish a PKI for
                       Passive Authentication, generating Document Signing private keys only for rightful
                       organisations and requiring the Document Signer to sign exclusively correct Document
                       Security Objects to be stored on travel document.
                       The assumption A.Auth_PKI “PKI for Inspection Systems” is covered by the security
                       objective for the TOE environment OE.Authoriz_Sens_Data “Authorization for use of
                       sensitive biometric reference data” requires the CVCA to limit the read access to
                       sensitive biometrics by issuing Document Verifier certificates for authorized receiving
                       States or Organisations only. The Document Verifier of the receiving State is required by
                       OE.Ext_Insp_Systems “Authorization of Extended Inspection Systems” to authorize
                       Extended Inspection Systems by creating Inspection System Certificates. Therefore, the
                       receiving issuing State or Organisation has to establish the necessary public key
                       infrastructure.
                       The OSP P.Personalisation “Personalisation of the travel document by issuing State or
                       Organisation only” addresses the (i) the enrolment of the logical travel document by the
                       Personalisation Agent as described in the security objective for the TOE environment




                                      All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                         Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                33 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                         ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                   Security Target Lite



                       OE.Personalisation “Personalisation of logical travel document”, and (ii) the
                       access control for the user data and TSF data as described by the security objective
                       OT.AC_Pers “Access Control for Personalisation of logical travel document”. Note the
                       manufacturer equips the TOE with the Personalisation Agent Key(s) according to
                       OT.Identification “Identification and Authentication of the TOE”. The security objective
                       OT.AC_Pers limits the management of TSF data and the management of TSF to the
                       Personalisation Agent.
                       The OSP P.Sensitive_Data “Privacy of sensitive biometric reference data” is fulfilled and
                       the threat T.Read_Sensitive_Data “Read the sensitive biometric reference data” is
                       countered by the TOE-objective OT.Sens_Data_Conf “Confidentiality of sensitive
                       biometric reference data” requiring that read access to EF.DG3 and EF.DG4 (containing
                       the sensitive biometric reference data) is only granted to authorized inspection systems.
                       Furthermore it is required that the transmission of these data ensures the data’s
                       confidentiality. The authorization bases on Document Verifier certificates issued by the
                       issuing State or Organisation as required by OE.Authoriz_Sens_Data “Authorization for
                       use of sensitive biometric reference data”. The Document Verifier of the receiving State
                       has to authorize Extended Inspection Systems by creating appropriate Inspection
                       System certificates for access to the sensitive biometric reference data as demanded by
                       OE.Ext_Insp_Systems “Authorization of Extended Inspection Systems”.
                       The OSP P.Terminal “Abilities and trustworthiness of terminals” is countered by the
                       security objective OE.Exam_Travel_Document additionally to the security objectives
                       from PACE PP [6]. OE.Exam_Travel_Document enforces the terminals to perform the
                       terminal part of the PACE protocol.
                       The threat T.Counterfeit “Counterfeit of travel document chip data” addresses the attack
                       of unauthorized copy or reproduction of the genuine travel document's chip. This attack is
                       thwarted by chip an identification and authenticity proof required by
                       OT.Chip_Auth_Proof “Proof of travel document’s chip authentication” using an
                       authentication key pair to be generated by the issuing State or Organisation. The Public
                       Chip Authentication Key has to be written into EF.DG14 and signed by means of
                       Documents Security Objects as demanded by OE.Auth_Key_Travel_Document “Travel
                       document Authentication Key”. According to OE.Exam_Travel_Document “Examination
                       of the physical part of the travel document” the General Inspection system has to perform
                       the Chip Authentication Protocol Version 1 to verify the authenticity of the travel
                       document’s chip.
                       In addition, the threat T.Counterfeit “Counterfeit of travel document chip data” is
                       countered by chip identification and authenticity proof required by
                       OT.Active_Auth_Proof “Proof of travel document’s chip authentication” using an
                       authentication key pair to be generated by the issuing State or Organisation. The Public
                       Active Authentication Key has to be written into EF.DG15 and signed by means of
                       Documents Security Objects as demanded by OE.Active_Auth_Key_Travel_Document
                       “Travel document Authentication Key”.




                                      All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                         Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                34 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                             ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                       Security Target Lite



5. Extended Components Definition
                       This ST contains the following extended components defined as extensions to CC part 2
                       in the claimed Protection Profile [5]:
                           • SFR FAU_SAS ‘Audit data storage’
                           • SFR FCS_RND ‘Generation of random numbers’
                           • SFR FIA_API ‘Authentication Proof of Identity’
                           • SFR FMT_LIM ‘Limited capabilities and availability’
                           • SFR FPT_EMSEC.1 ‘TOE emanation’

                 5.1 Audit data storage (FAU_SAS)
                       To define the security functional requirements of the TOE, a sensitive family (FAU_SAS)
                       of the Class FAU (Security Audit) is defined here. This family describes the functional
                       requirements for the storage of audit data. It has a more general approach than
                       FAU_GEN, because it does not necessarily require the data to be generated by the TOE
                       itself and because it does not give specific details of the content of the audit records.
                       The family “Audit data storage (FAU_SAS)” is specified as follows.


                       FAU_SAS Audit data storage


                       Family behavior
                       This family defines functional requirements for the storage of audit data.
                       Component leveling:

                                          FAU_SAS Audit data storage                                                                                             1
                       FAU_SAS.1            Requires the TOE to provide the possibility to store audit data.
                       Management:               FAU_SAS.1
                                                 There are no management activities foreseen.
                       Audit:                    FAU_SAS.1
                                                 There are no actions defined to be auditable.
                       FAU_SAS.1                 Audit storage
                       Hierarchical to:          No other components.
                       Dependencies:             No dependencies.
                       FAU_SAS.1.1               The TSF shall provide [assignment: authorized users] with the
                                                 capability to store [assignment: list of audit information] in the
                                                 audit records.




                                          All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                             Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                35 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                             ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                       Security Target Lite



                 5.2 Generation of random numbers (FCS_RND)
                       To define the IT security functional requirements of the TOE, a sensitive family
                       (FCS_RND) of the Class FCS (cryptographic support) is defined here. This family
                       describes the functional requirements for random number generation used for
                       cryptographic purposes. The component FCS_RND is not limited to generation of
                       cryptographic keys unlike the component FCS_CKM.1. The similar component
                       FIA_SOS.2 is intended for non-cryptographic use.
                       The family “Generation of random numbers (FCS_RND)” is specified as follows.


                       FCS_RND Generation of random numbers


                       Family behavior
                       This family defines quality requirements for the generation of random numbers which are
                       intended to be used for cryptographic purposes.
                       Component leveling:

                                                  FCS_RND Generation of random numbers                                                                           1
                       FCS_RND.1                 Generation of random numbers requires that random numbers meet a
                                                 defined quality metric.
                       Management:               FCS_RND.1
                                                 There are no management activities foreseen.
                       Audit:                    FCS_RND.1
                                                 There are no actions defined to be auditable.
                       FCS_RND.1                 Quality metric for random numbers
                       Hierarchical to:          No other components.
                       Dependencies:             No dependencies.
                       FCS_RND.1.1               The TSF shall provide a mechanism to generate random
                                                 numbers that meet [assignment: a defined quality metric].




                                          All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                             Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                36 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                             ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                       Security Target Lite



                 5.3 Authentication Proof of Identity (FIA_API)
                       To describe the IT security functional requirements of the TOE a sensitive family
                       (FIA_API) of the Class FIA (Identification and authentication) is defined here. This family
                       describes the functional requirements for the proof of the claimed identity for the
                       authentication verification by an external entity where the other families of the class FIA
                       address the verification of the identity of an external entity.
                       Application note: The other families of the Class FIA describe only the authentication
                       verification of users’ identity performed by the TOE and do not describe the functionality
                       of the user to prove their identity. The following paragraph defines the family FIA_API in
                       the style of the Common Criteria part 2 (cf. [2], chapter “Extended Components definition
                       (ASE_ECD)”) from a TOE point of view.
                       FIA_API Authentication Proof of Identity


                       Family behavior
                       This family defines functions provided by the TOE to prove their identity and to be
                       verified by an external entity in the TOE IT environment.
                       Component leveling:

                                                  FIA_API Authentication Proof of Identity                                                                       1
                       FIA_API.1                 Authentication Proof of Identity.
                       Management:               FIA_API.1
                                                 The following actions could be considered for the management
                                                 functions in FMT: Management of authentication information used to
                                                 prove the claimed identity.
                       Audit:                    FIA_API.1
                                                 There are no actions defined to be auditable.
                       FIA_API.1                 Authentication Proof of Identity
                       Hierarchical to:          No other components.
                       Dependencies:             No dependencies.
                       FIA_API.1.1               The TSF shall provide a [assignment: authentication mechanism]
                                                 to prove the identity of the [assignment: authorized user or role].




                                          All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                             Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                37 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                          ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite



                 5.4 Limited capabilities and availability (FMT_LIM)
                       The family FMT_LIM describes the functional requirements for the Test Features of the
                       TOE.
                       The new functional requirements were defined in the class FMT because this class
                       addresses the management of functions of the TSF. The examples of the technical
                       mechanism used in the TOE show that no other class is appropriate to address the
                       specific issues of preventing the abuse of functions by limiting the capabilities of the
                       functions and by limiting their availability.
                       The family “Limited capabilities and availability (FMT_LIM)” is specified as follows.


                       FMT_LIM Limited capabilities and availability
                       Family behavior
                       This family defines requirements that limit the capabilities and availability of functions in a
                       combined manner. Note, that FDP_ACF restricts the access to functions whereas the
                       Limited capability of this family requires the functions themselves to be designed in a
                       specific manner.
                       Component leveling:
                                                                                                                                                              1
                                               FMT_LIM Limited capabilities and availability
                                                                                                                                                              2

                       FMT_LIM.1              Limited capabilities requires that the TSF is built to provide only the
                                              capabilities (perform action, gather information) necessary for its
                                              genuine purpose.
                       FMT_LIM.2              Limited availability requires that the TSF restrict the use of functions
                                              (refer to Limited capabilities (FMT_LIM.1)). This can be achieved, for
                                              instance, by removing or by disabling functions in a specific phase of
                                              the TOE’s lifecycle.
                       Management:            FMT_LIM.1, FMT_LIM.2
                                              There are no management activities foreseen.
                       Audit:                 FMT_LIM.1, FMT_LIM.2
                                              There are no actions defined to be auditable.
                       To define the IT security functional requirements of the TOE a sensitive family
                       (FMT_LIM) of the Class FMT (Security Management) is defined here. This family
                       describes the functional requirements for the Test Features of the TOE. The new
                       functional requirements were defined in the class FMT because this class addresses the
                       management of functions of the TSF. The examples of the technical mechanism used in
                       the TOE show that no other class is appropriate to address the specific issues of
                       preventing the abuse of functions by limiting the capabilities of the functions and by
                       limiting their availability.
                       The TOE Functional Requirement “Limited capabilities (FMT_LIM.1)” is specified as
                       follows.




                                       All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                38 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                             ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                       Security Target Lite



                       FMT_LIM.1 Limited capabilities
                       Hierarchical to:          No other components.
                       Dependencies:             FMT_LIM.2 Limited availability.
                       FMT_LIM.1.1               The TSF shall be designed in a manner that limits their
                                                 capabilities so that in conjunction with “Limited availability
                                                 (FMT_LIM.2)” the following policy is enforced [assignment:
                                                 Limited capability and availability policy].
                       The TOE Functional Requirement “Limited availability (FMT_LIM.2)” is specified as
                       follows.


                       FMT_LIM.2 Limited availability
                       Hierarchical to:          No other components.
                       Dependencies:             FMT_LIM.1 Limited capabilities.
                       FMT_LIM.2.1               The TSF shall be designed in a manner that limits their
                                                 availability so that in conjunction with “Limited capabilities
                                                 (FMT_LIM.1)” the following policy is enforced [assignment:
                                                 Limited capability and availability policy].
                       Application note: The functional requirements FMT_LIM.1 and FMT_LIM.2 assume that
                       there are two types of mechanisms (limited capabilities and limited availability) which
                       together shall provide protection in order to enforce the policy. This also allows that:
                           (i) the TSF is provided without restrictions in the product in its user environment but
                               its capabilities are so limited that the policy is enforced
                       or conversely
                           (ii) the TSF is designed with test and support functionality that is removed from, or
                                disabled in, the product prior to the Operational Use Phase.
                       The combination of both requirements shall enforce the policy.




                                          All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                             Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                39 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                             ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                       Security Target Lite



                 5.5 TOE emanation (FPT_EMSEC.1)
                       The sensitive family FPT_EMSEC (TOE Emanation) of the Class FPT (Protection of the
                       TSF) is defined here to describe the IT security functional requirements of the TOE. The
                       TOE shall prevent attacks against the TOE and other secret data where the attack is
                       based on external observable physical phenomena of the TOE. Examples of such
                       attacks are evaluation of TOE’s electromagnetic radiation, simple power analysis (SPA),
                       differential power analysis (DPA), timing attacks, etc. This family describes the functional
                       requirements for the limitation of intelligible emanations which are not directly addressed
                       by any other component of CC part 2 [2].
                       The family “TOE Emanation (FPT_EMSEC)” is specified as follows.


                       FPT_EMSEC TOE Emanation
                       Family behavior
                       This family defines requirements to mitigate intelligible emanations.
                       Component leveling:

                                                  FPT_EMSEC TOE emanation                                                                                        1
                       FPT_EMSEC.1               TOE Emanation has two constituents:
                       FPT_EMSEC.1.1 Limit of Emissions requires to not emit intelligible emissions enabling
                                     access to TSF data or user data.
                       FPT_EMSEC.1.2 Interface Emanation requires not to emit interface emanation enabling
                                     access to TSF data or user data.
                       Management:               FPT_EMSEC.1
                                                 There are no management activities foreseen.
                       Audit:                    FPT_EMSEC.1
                                                 There are no actions defined to be auditable.
                       FPT_EMSEC.1            TOE Emanation
                       Hierarchical to:          No other components.
                       Dependencies:             No dependencies.
                       FPT_EMSEC.1.1             The TOE shall not emit [assignment: types of emissions] in
                                                 excess of [assignment: specified limits] enabling access to
                                                 [assignment: list of types of TSF data] and [assignment: list of
                                                 types of user data].
                       FPT_EMSEC.1.2             The TSF shall ensure [assignment: type of users] are unable to
                                                 use the following interface [assignment: type of connection] to
                                                 gain access to [assignment: list of types of TSF data] and
                                                 [assignment: list of types of user data].




                                          All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                             Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                40 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                               ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                              Security Target Lite



6. Security Requirements
                       This chapter gives the security functional requirements and the security assurance
                       requirements for the TOE.
                       Some security functional requirements represent extensions to [1].
                       Operations for assignment, selection and refinement have been made and are
                       designated by an underline (e.g. none), in addition, where operations that were
                       uncompleted in the PP [5] are also identified by italic underlined type.
                       The TOE security assurance requirements statement given in section 6.2 is drawn from
                       the security assurance components from Common Criteria part 3 [2].
                       The definition of the subjects “Manufacturer”, “Personalization Agent”, “Extended
                       Inspection System”, “Country Verifying Certification Authority”, “Document Verifier” and
                       “Terminal” used in the following chapter is given in section 3.2. Note that all these
                       subjects are acting for homonymous external entities. All used objects are defined either
                       in section 9 or in the following table. The operations “write”, “modify”, “read” and “disable
                       read access” are used in accordance with the general linguistic usage. The operations
                       “store”, “create”, “transmit”, “receive”, “establish communication channel”, “authenticate”
                       and “re-authenticate” are originally taken from [1]. The operation “load” is synonymous to
                       “import” used in [1].
                       Definition of security attributes:
                           Security                  Values                              Meaning
                           attribute
                           Terminal                  none (any                           default role (i.e. without authorization after start-up)
                           authentication            Terminal)
                           status                    CVCA                                roles defined in the certificate used for authentication
                                                                                         (cf. [12], A.5.1); Terminal is authenticated as Country
                                                                                         Verifying Certification Authority after successful CA and
                                                                                         TA
                                                     DV (domestic)                       roles defined in the certificate used for authentication
                                                                                         (cf. [12], A.5.1); Terminal is authenticated as domestic
                                                                                         Document Verifier after successful CA and TA
                                                     DV (foreign)                        roles defined in the certificate used for authentication
                                                                                         (cf. [12], A.5.1); Terminal is authenticated as foreign
                                                                                         Document Verifier after successful CA and TA
                                                     IS                                  roles defined in the certificate used for authentication
                                                                                         (cf. [12], A.5.1); Terminal is authenticated as Extended
                                                                                         Inspection System after successful CA and TA
                           Terminal                  none
                           Authorization             DG4 (Iris)                          Read access to DG4: (cf. [12], A.5.1)
                                                     DG3                                 Read access to DG3: (cf. [12], A.5.1)
                                                     (Fingerprint)
                                                     DG3 (Iris) /                        Read access to DG3 and DG4: (cf. [12], A.5.1)
                                                     DG4
                                                     (Fingerprint)




                                            All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.           © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                               Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                      41 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                              ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                        Security Target Lite



                       The following table provides an overview of the keys and certificates used:
                           Name                    Certificate Data
                           CVCA Private            The Country Verifying Certification Authority (CVCA) holds a private
                           Key (SKCVCA)            key (SKCVCA) used for signing the Document Verifier Certificates.
                           CVCA Public             The TOE stores the Country Verifying Certification Authority Public
                           Key (PKCVCA)            Key (PKCVCA) as part of the TSF data to verify the Document
                                                   Verifier Certificates. The PKCVCA has the security attribute Current
                                                   Date as the most recent valid effective date of the Country Verifying
                                                   Certification Authority Certificate or of a domestic Document Verifier
                                                   Certificate.
                           Country                 The Country Verifying Certification Authority Certificate may be a
                           Verifying               self-signed certificate or a link certificate (cf. [12] and Glossary). It
                           Certification           contains (i) the Country Verifying Certification Authority Public Key
                           Authority               (PKCVCA) as authentication reference data, (ii) the coded access
                           Certificate             control rights of the Country Verifying Certification Authority, (iii) the
                           (CCVCA)                 Certificate Effective Date and the Certificate Expiration Date as
                                                   security attributes.
                           Document                The Document Verifier Certificate CDV is issued by the Country
                           Verifier                Verifying Certification Authority. It contains (i) the Document Verifier
                           Certificate             Public Key (PKDV) as authentication reference data (ii) identification
                           (CDV)                   as domestic or foreign Document Verifier, the coded access control
                                                   rights of the Document Verifier, the Certificate Effective Date and
                                                   the Certificate Expiration Date as security attributes.
                           Inspection              The Inspection System Certificate (CIS) is issued by the Document
                           System                  Verifier. It contains (i) as authentication reference data the
                           Certificate             Inspection System Public Key (PKIS), (ii) the coded access control
                           (CIS)                   rights of the Extended Inspection System, the Certificate Effective
                                                   Date and the Certificate Expiration Date as security attributes.
                           Active                  The Active Authentication asymmetric Key Pair (KPrAA, KPuAA) is
                           Authentication          used for the Active Authentication Protocol: allowing the chip to be
                           Key Pair                authenticated as genuine by the inspection system.
                           Active                  The Active Authentication Private Key (KPrAA) is used by the TOE to
                           Authentication          be authenticated as a genuine MRTD’s chip by the inspection
                           Private Key             system. It is part of the TSF data.
                           (KPrAA)
                           Active                  The Active Authentication Public Key (KPuAA) is stored in the
                           Authentication          EF.DG15 Active Authentication Public Key of the TOE’s logical
                           Public Key              MRTD and used by the inspection system for Active Authentication
                           (KPuAA)                 of the MRTD’s chip. It is part of the user data provided by the TOE
                                                   for the IT environment.
                           PACE Session            Secure messaging AES keys for message authentication (CMAC-
                           Keys                    mode) and for message encryption (CBC-mode) or 3DES Keys for
                           (PACE-KMAC,             message authentication and message encryption (both CBC)
                           PACE-KENC)              agreed between the TOE and a terminal as result of the PACE
                                                   Protocol.




                                           All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                              Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                42 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                              ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                        Security Target Lite



                           Name                    Certificate Data
                           PACE                    The ephemeral PACE Authentication Key Pair (ephem-SKPICC-
                           authentication          PACE, ephem-PKPICC-PACE) is used for Key Agreement Protocol:
                           ephemeral key           Diffie-Hellman (DH) according to PKCS#3 or Elliptic Curve Diffie-
                           pair (ephem-            Hellman (ECDH; ECKA key agreement algorithm) according to TR-
                           SKPICC-                 03110.
                           PACE, ephem-
                           PKPICC-
                           PACE)
                           Ephem-                  PKCS#3 or Elliptic Curve Diffie-Hellman (ECDH; ECKA key
                           PKPICC-PAC              agreement algorithm) according to TR-03111.
                           Chip                    The Chip Authentication Public Key Pair (SKICC, PKICC) are used
                           Authentication          for Key Agreement Protocol: Diffie-Hellman (DH) according to RFC
                           Public Key Pair         2631 or Elliptic Curve Diffie-Hellman according to ISO 15946.
                           Chip                    The Chip Authentication Private Key (SKICC) is used by the TOE to
                           Authentication          authenticate itself as authentic MRTD’s chip. It is part of the TSF
                           Private Key             data.
                           (SKICC)
                           Chip                    The Chip Authentication Public Key (PKICC) is stored in the
                           Authentication          EF.DG14 Chip Authentication Public Key of the TOE’s logical MRTD
                           Public Key              and used by the inspection system for Chip Authentication of the
                           (PKICC)                 MRTD’s chip. It is part of the user data provided by the TOE for the
                                                   IT environment.
                           Country                 Country Signing Certification Authority of the issuing State or
                           Signing                 Organization signs the Document Signer Public Key Certificate with
                           Certification           the Country Signing Certification Authority Private Key and the
                           Authority Key           signature will be verified by receiving State or Organization (e.g. a
                           Pair                    Basic Inspection System) with the Country Signing Certification
                                                   Authority Public Key.
                           Document                Document Signer of the issuing State or Organization signs the
                           Signer Key              Document Security Object of the logical MRTD with the Document
                           Pairs                   Signer Private Key and the signature will be verified by a Basic
                                                   Inspection Systems of the receiving State or Organization with the
                                                   Document Signer Public Key.
                           Document                The Document Basic Access Key is created by the Personalization
                           Basic Access            Agent, loaded to the TOE, and used for mutual authentication and
                           Keys                    key agreement for secure messaging between the Basic Inspection
                                                   System and the MRTD’s chip.
                           BAC Session             Secure messaging TDES key and Retail-MAC key agreed between
                           Keys                    the TOE and a BIS in result of the Basic Access Control
                                                   Authentication Protocol.
                           Chip Session            Secure messaging TDES key and Retail-MAC key agreed between
                           Key                     the TOE and a GIS in result of the Chip Authentication Protocol.


                       Application note: The Country Verifying Certification Authority identifies a Document
                       Verifier as “domestic” in the Document Verifier Certificate if it belongs to the same State
                       as the Country Verifying Certification Authority. The Country Verifying Certification
                       Authority identifies a Document Verifier as “foreign” in the Document Verifier Certificate if




                                           All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                              Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                43 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                         ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                   Security Target Lite



                       it does not belong to the same State as the Country Verifying Certification Authority.
                       From MRTD’s point of view the domestic Document Verifier belongs to the issuing State
                       or Organization.




                                      All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                         Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                44 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                           ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                             Security Target Lite



                 6.1 TOE Security Functional Requirements
                       Extensions to the Security Functional Requirements from the PPs [5] [6] are defined in
                       the subsequent section.
               6.1.1 Security Audit (FAU)
                       Audit Storage (FAU_SAS.1)
                            FAU_SAS.1.1              The TSF shall provide the Manufacturer with the capability to
                                                     store the IC Identification Data in the audit records.

                       Application note: The Manufacturer role is the default user identity assumed by the
                       TOE in the Phase 2 Manufacturing. The IC manufacturer and the MRTD manufacturer in
                       the Manufacturer role write the Initialization Data and/or Pre-personalization Data as TSF
                       Data of the TOE. The audit records are write-only-once data of the MRTD’s chip (see
                       FMT_MTD.1/INI_DIS).
               6.1.2 Cryptographic support (FCS)


                           Function                                             Algorithm                            Key Size(s)
                                             Hashing                            SHA-1                                -
                                                                                DH                                   1024, 1536, 2048, 4096 bits
                           Chip                                                                                      (NIST) 192, 224, 256, 320, 384,
                           Authentication    Authentication                                                          521 bits
                                                                                ECDH
                                                                                                                     (Brainpool) 192, 224, 256, 320,
                                                                                                                     384, 512 bits
                                                                                DH-GM                                1024, 1536, 2048, 4096 bits
                                                                                                                     (NIST) 192, 224, 256, 320, 384,
                           PACE              Authentication                                                          521 bits
                                                                                ECDH-GM
                                                                                                                     (Brainpool) 192, 224, 256, 320,
                                                                                                                     384, 512 bits
                                                                                RSA
                                                                                Pad: PKCS#1 (v1.5 [7] or             1024, 1280, 1536, 2048, 4096
                                                                                PSS [22])                            bits
                           Terminal          Signature
                                                                                Hash: SHA-1, SHA-256
                           Authentication    verification
                                                                                ECDSA
                                                                                Hash: SHA-1, SHA-224,                192, 224, 256, 384, 521 bits
                                                                                SHA-256
                                                                                RSA                                  1024, 1280, 1536, 2048, 4096
                                                                                ISO9796-2 scheme 1                   bits
                           Active            Signature
                                                                                ECDSA
                           Authentication    generation
                                                                                Hash: SHA-1, SHA-224,                192, 224, 256, 384, 521 bits
                                                                                SHA-256
                                                                                TDES CBC [21]                        112 bits
                                             ENC/DEC
                           Secure                                               AES                                  128, 192, 256 bits
                           Messaging                                            Retail MAC                           112 bits
                                             MAC
                                                                                CMAC 8                               -




                                        All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.              © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                           Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                         45 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                         ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                   Security Target Lite



                       Cryptographic key generation (FCS_CKM.1)


                       → Chip Authenticate keys generation
                       FCS_CKM.1.1/       The TSF shall generate cryptographic keys in accordance with a
                       CA                 specified cryptographic key generation algorithm based on the key
                                          Diffie-Hellman key derivation Protocol compliant to PKCS#3 [18], or
                                          ECDH compliant to ISO 15946 [19] and specified cryptographic key
                                          sizes DH 1024-1536-2048-4096 bits or ECDH NIST curves 192-224-
                                          256-320-384-521 bits or ECDH Brainpool curves 192-224-256-320-
                                          384-512 bits respectively that meet the following: [12] Annex A.1.

                       Application note: The TOE generates a shared secret value with the terminal during the
                       Chip Authentication Protocol, see [12], sec. 3.1 and Annex A.1. This protocol may be
                       based on the Diffie-Hellman-Protocol compliant to PKCS#3 (i.e. modulo arithmetic based
                       cryptographic algorithm, cf. [18]) or on the ECDH compliant to ISO 15946 (i.e. an elliptic
                       curve cryptography algorithm) (cf. [12] Annex A.1, [19] and [16] for details). The shared
                       secret value is used to derive the TDES key for encryption and the Retail-MAC Chip
                       Session Keys according to the Document Basic Access Key Derivation Algorithm [11],
                       normative appendix 5, A5.1, for the TSF required by FCS_COP.1/ENC and
                       FCS_COP.1/MAC.
                       → PACE keys generation

                           FCS_CKM.1.1/     The TSF shall generate cryptographic keys in accordance with a
                           DH_PACE          specified cryptographic key generation algorithm based on the key
                                            Diffie-Hellman key derivation Protocol compliant to PKCS#3 [18], or
                                            ECDH compliant to ISO 15946 [19] and specified cryptographic key
                                            sizes DH 1024-1536-2048-4096 bits or ECDH Generic Mapping
                                            NIST curves 192-224-256-320-384-521 bits or ECDH Generic
                                            Mapping Brainpool curves 192-224-256-320-384-512 bits
                                            respectively that meet the following: [12] Annex A.1.
                       → Cryptographic Key Pair generation

                           FCS_CKM.1.1/     The TSF shall generate cryptographic keys in accordance with a
                           KP               specified cryptographic key generation algorithm RSA and ECC key
                                            pair generation and specified cryptographic key sizes RSA 1024-
                                            1280-1536-2048-4096 bits or EC 192-224-256-384-521 bits
                                            respectively that meet the following: IEEE 1363 [22].

                       Application note: The component FMT_MTD.1/PK applies to both the Active
                       Authentication Private Key and the Chip Authentication Private Key. This component
                       defines an operation “create” that means here that these keys are generated by the TOE
                       itself. This resulted in this instantiation of the component FCS_CKM.1 as SFR for the
                       generation of these two key.




                                      All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                         Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                46 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                           ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                     Security Target Lite



                       Cryptographic key destruction (FCS_CKM.4)
                           FCS_CKM.4.1       The TSF shall destroy cryptographic keys in accordance with a
                                             specified cryptographic key destruction method zeroization that
                                             meets the following: none.

                       Application note: The TOE destroys the BAC Session Keys after detection of an error in
                       a received command by verification of the MAC, and after successful run of the Chip
                       Authentication Protocol. The TOE destroys the Chip Session Keys after detection of an
                       error in a received command by verification of the MAC. The TOE clears the memory
                       area of any session keys before starting the communication with the terminal in a new
                       power-on-session.
                       Cryptographic operation (FCS_COP.1)
                       → Hashing
                           FCS_COP.1.1/       The TSF shall perform hashing in accordance with a specified
                           SHA                cryptographic algorithm SHA-1, SHA-224 or SHA-256 and
                                              cryptographic key sizes none that meet the following: FIPS 180-2 [20].

                           Application note: The Chip Authentication Protocol uses SHA-1 (cf. [11], normative
                           appendix 5, A5.1). The TOE implements additional hash function SHA-256 and SHA-
                           224 for the Terminal Authentication Protocol (cf. [11], Annex A.2.2). SHA-224 is
                           supported by the TOE for ECDSA Signature operations only.
                       → SM Encrypt/Decrypt Chip Authentication
                           FCS_COP.1/        The TSF shall perform secure messaging – encryption and decryption
                           CA_ENC            in accordance with a specified cryptographic algorithm TDES in CBC
                                             mode and cryptographic key sizes 112 bits that meet the following:
                                             FIPS 46-3 [21] and ‘TR-03110’, [12].

                           Application note: The TOE implements the cryptographic primitives (e.g. TDES) for
                           secure messaging with encryption of the transmitted data. The keys are agreed
                           between the TOE and the terminal as part of the Chip Authentication Protocol
                           according to the FCS_CKM.1. Furthermore the SFR is used for authentication
                           attempts of a terminal as Personalization Agent by means of the symmetric
                           authentication mechanism.
                       → SM – MAC Chip Authentication

                           FCS_COP.1/        The TSF shall perform secure messaging – message authentication
                           CA_MAC            code in accordance with a specified cryptographic algorithm Retail
                                             MAC (DES) and CMAC (AES) and cryptographic key sizes 112 for
                                             retail MAC and 128, 192 and 256 bit for CMAC that meet the
                                             following: [14], FIPS PUB 46-3 Data Encryption Standard (DES) [21]
                                             and [23].

                           Application note: The TOE implements the cryptographic primitive for secure
                           messaging with encryption and message authentication code over the transmitted
                           data. The key is agreed between the TSF by Chip Authentication Protocol according to




                                        All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                           Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                47 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                             ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                       Security Target Lite



                           the FCS_CKM.1/CA. Furthermore the SFR is used for authentication attempts of a
                           terminal as Personalisation Agent by means of the authentication mechanism.
                       → Signature verification

                           FCS_COP.1.1/         The TSF shall perform digital signature verification in accordance
                           SIG_VER              with a specified cryptographic algorithm RSA or ECDSA and
                                                cryptographic key sizes RSA 1024-1280-1536-2048-4096 bits or
                                                ECDSA 192-224-256-384-521 bits respectively that meet the
                                                following: PKCS#1 v1.5 [7] or PKCS#1 PSS [22] and FIPS 180-2
                                                [20].

                           Application note: The signature verification is used to verify the card verifiable
                           certificates and the authentication attempt of the terminal creating a digital signature
                           for the TOE challenge.
                       → Signature generation
                           FCS_COP.1.1/         The TSF shall perform digital signature generation in accordance with
                           SIG_GEN              a specified cryptographic algorithm RSA or ECDSA and cryptographic
                                                key sizes RSA 1024-1536-2048-4096 bits in case of RSA and 192,
                                                224, 256, 384 and 521 bits in case of ECFDS that meet the following:
                                                ISO/IEC 9796-2 [17] and ANSI x9.62 [30] respectively.
                           Application note: For signature generation in the Active Authentication mechanism, the
                           TOE uses ISO/IEC 9796-2 compliant cryptography (scheme 1).

                       → SM Encrypt/Decrypt PACE
                           FCS_COP.1.1/         The TSF shall perform secure messaging – encryption and decryption
                           PACE_ENC             in accordance with a specified cryptographic algorithm AES and TDES
                                                in CBC mode and cryptographic key sizes 112 bits (for TDES) and
                                                128, 192 and 256 bits (for AES) that meet the following: : FIPS 46-3
                                                [21], NIST [24], ‘TR-03110’, and [14].


                       → SM – MAC PACE
                           FCS_COP.1.1/         The TSF shall perform secure messaging – message authentication
                           PACE_MAC             code in accordance with a specified cryptographic algorithm CMAC
                                                and Retail MAC and cryptographic key sizes 112, 128, 192 and 256
                                                bits that meet the following[14], FIPS PUB 46-3 Data Encryption
                                                Standard (DES) [21] and [23],[15] NIST [24] and [25].



                       Random Number Generation (FCS_RND.1)
                           FCS_RND.1.1         The TSF shall provide a mechanism to generate random numbers
                                               that meet AIS31 class “P2 – SOF-High”.

                           Application note: This SFR requires the TOE to generate random numbers used for
                           the authentication protocols as required by FIA_UAU.4.




                                          All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                             Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                48 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                             ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                             Security Target Lite



               6.1.3 Identification and authentication (FIA)
                       The following table provides an overview on the authentication mechanisms used:
                               Name                                                                        SFR for the TOE
                               Symmetric Authentication Mechanism                                          FIA_UAU.4
                               for Personalization Agents
                               Chip Authentication Protocol                                                FIA_API.1, FIA_UAU.5, FIA_UAU.6
                               Terminal Authentication Protocol                                            FIA_UAU.5
                               Active Authentication Protocol                                              FIA_API.1
                               PACE protocol                                                               FIA_UAU.1/PACE
                                                                                                           FIA_UAU.4/PACE
                                                                                                           FIA_UAU.5/PACE
                                                                                                           FIA_UAU.6/PACE
                                                                                                           FIA_AFL.1/PACE
                       Note: the Chip Authentication Protocol as defined in the PP [5] includes:
                           • the BAC authentication protocol as defined in ‘ICAO Doc 9303’ [11] in order to gain
                             access to the Chip Authentication Public Key in EF.DG14,
                           • the asymmetric key agreement to establish symmetric secure messaging keys
                             between the TOE and the terminal based on the Chip Authentication Public Key and
                             the Terminal Public Key used later in the Terminal Authentication Protocol,
                           • the check whether the TOE is able to generate the correct message authentication
                             code with the expected key for any message received by the terminal.
                       The BAC mechanism does not provide a security function on its own. The Chip
                       Authentication Protocol may be used independent of the Terminal Authentication
                       Protocol. But if the Terminal Authentication Protocol is used the terminal shall use the
                       same public key as presented during the Chip Authentication Protocol.
                       Authentication Failure Handling (FIA_AFL.1)
                       → PACE

                           FIA_AFL.1.1/             The TSF shall detect when a 1 unsuccessful authentication attempt
                           PACE                     occurs related to authentication attempts using the PACE password
                                                    as shared password.

                           FIA_AFL.1.2/             When the defined number of unsuccessful authentication attempts
                           PACE                     has been met, the TSF shall send the response to the
                                                    authentication request with exponentially increasing time delays
                                                    until the correct password is used

                       Application Note: The open assignment operation shall be performed according to a
                       concrete implementation of the TOE, whereby actions to be executed by the TOE may
                       either be common for all data concerned (PACE passwords, see [14]) or for an arbitrary
                       subset of them or may also separately be defined for each datum in question. Since all
                       non-blocking authorisation data (PACE passwords) being used as a shared secret within
                       the PACE protocol do not possess a sufficient entropy, the TOE shall not allow a quick
                       monitoring of its behaviour (e.g. due to a long reaction time) in order to make the first
                       step of the skimming attack requiring an attack potential beyond high, so that the threat




                                          All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.           © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                             Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                      49 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                            ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                      Security Target Lite



                       T.Tracing can be averted in the frame of the security policy of the current PP. One of
                       some opportunities for performing this operation might be “consecutively increase the
                       reaction time of the TOE to the next authentication attempt using PACE passwords”.
                       Application Note: The count of consecutive unsuccessful authentications is stored in
                       non-volatile memory and is preserved across power-up and power-down cycles. After a
                       successful authentication the count is reset to zero.
                       Timing of identification (FIA_UID.1)
                           FIA_UID.1.1/PACE             The TSF shall allow
                                                        1.            to establish the communication channel,
                                                        2.            carrying out the PACE Protocol according to [14],
                                                        3.            to read the Initialization Data if it is not disabled by TSF
                                                                      according to FMT_MTD.1/INI_DIS
                                                        4.            to carry out the Chip Authentication Protocol v.1
                                                                      according to [12]68
                                                        5.            to carry out the Terminal Authentication Protocol v.1
                                                                      according to [12]69
                                                        6.            to carry out the Active Authentication Mechanism
                                                        on behalf of the user to be performed before the user is
                                                        identified.

                           FIA_UID.1.2/PACE             The TSF shall require each user to be successfully identified
                                                        before allowing any other TSF-mediated actions on behalf of that
                                                        user.

                           Application note: In the Phase 2 “Manufacturing of the TOE” the Manufacturer is the
                           only user role known to the TOE which writes the Initialization Data and/or Pre-
                           personalization Data in the audit records of the IC. The MRTD manufacturer may
                           create the user role Personalization Agent for transition from Phase 2 to Phase 3
                           “Personalization of the MRTD”. The users in role Personalization Agent identify
                           themselves by means of selecting the authentication key. After personalization in the
                           Phase 3 the Document Basic Access Keys, the Chip Authentication data and Terminal
                           Authentication Reference Data are written into the TOE. The Basic Inspection System
                           (cf. PP MRTD BAC [3]) is identified as default user after power up or reset of the TOE
                           i.e. the TOE will use the Document Basic Access Key to run the BAC Authentication
                           Protocol, to gain access to the Chip Authentication Reference Data and to run the
                           Chip Authentication Protocol (i.e. the BAC mechanism is not seen as an independent
                           mechanism in this PP, it is a mandatory part within the Chip Authentication Protocol,
                           and thus noted here for reasons of completeness). After successful authentication of
                           the chip the terminal may identify itself as (i) Extended Inspection System by selection
                           of the templates for the Terminal Authentication Protocol or (ii) if necessary and
                           available by symmetric authentication as Personalization Agent (using the
                           Personalization Agent Key).
                       Application Note: User identified after a successfully performed PACE protocol is a
                       terminal. Please note that neither CAN nor MRZ effectively represent secrets, but are
                       restricted revealable; i.e. it is either the travel document holder itself or an authorised other




                                         All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                            Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                50 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                           ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite



                       person or device (Basic Inspection System with PACE).
                       Application Note: The SFR FIA_UID.1/PACE in this ST covers the definition in the EAC
                       PP that, in turn, extends the definition in the PACE PP by EAC aspect 4. This extension
                       does not conflict with the strict conformance to PACE PP.


                       Timing of authentication (FIA_UAU.1)
                           FIA_UAU.1.1/PACE             The TSF shall allow
                                                        1.           to establish the communication channel,
                                                        2.           carrying out the PACE Protocol according to [14],
                                                        3.           to read the Initialization Data if it is not disabled by TSF
                                                                     according to FMT_MTD.1/INI_DIS,
                                                        4.           to identify themselves by selection of the authentication
                                                                     key,
                                                        5.           to carry out the Chip Authentication Protocol Version 1
                                                                     according to [12] 71,
                                                        6.           to carry out the Terminal Authentication Protocol Version
                                                                     1 according to [6] 72,
                                                        7.           to carry out the Active Authentication mechanism
                                                        on behalf of the user to be performed before the user is
                                                        authenticated.

                           FIA_UAU.1.2/PACE             The TSF shall require each user to be successfully
                                                        authenticated before allowing any other TSF-mediated actions
                                                        on behalf of that user.


                       Application Note: The SFR FIA_UAU.1/PACE in this ST covers the definition in the EAC
                       PP that, in turn, extends the definition in the PACE PP by EAC aspect 5. This extension
                       does not conflict with the strict conformance to PACE PP.
                       Application Note: The user authenticated after a successfully performed PACE protocol
                       is a terminal. Please note that neither CAN nor MRZ effectively represent secrets, but are
                       restricted revealable; i.e. it is either the travel document holder itself or an authorised other
                       person or device (BIS-PACE). If PACE was successfully performed, secure messaging is
                       started using the derived session keys (PACE-KMAC, PACE-KENC), cf. FTP_ITC.1/PACE.


                       Single-use authentication mechanisms (FIA_UAU.4)
                           FIA_UAU.4.1/PACE             The TSF shall prevent reuse of authentication data related to
                                                        1. PACE protocol,
                                                        2. Terminal Authentication Protocol,
                                                        3. Authentication Mechanism based on AES and TDES,
                                                        4. Active Authentication Protocol.




                                       All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                51 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                            ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                      Security Target Lite



                           Application note: The SFR FIA_UAU.4.1 in this ST covers the definition in the EAC
                           PP [5] that, in turn, extends the definition in PACE PP by the EAC aspect 3. This
                           extension does not conflict with the strict conformance to PACE PP. The generation of
                           random numbers (random nonce) used for the authentication protocol (PACE) and
                           Terminal Authentication as required by FIA_UAU.4/PACE is required by FCS_RND.1
                           from PACE PP.




                                         All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                            Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                52 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                           ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                     Security Target Lite



                       Multiple authentication mechanisms (FIA_UAU.5)
                           FIA_UAU.5.1/PACE              The TSF shall provide
                                                         1. PACE protocol,
                                                         2. Passive authentication
                                                         3. Terminal Authentication Protocol,
                                                         4. Secure messaging in MAC-ENC mode,
                                                         5. Symmetric Authentication Mechanism based on TDES and
                                                            AES
                                                         to support user authentication.

                           FIA_UAU.5.2/PACE              The TSF shall authenticate any user’s claimed identity
                                                         according to the following rules:
                                                         1. The TOE accepts the authentication attempt as
                                                            Personalization Agent by the Symmetric Authentication
                                                            Mechanism with Personalization Agent Key.
                                                         2. The TOE accepts the authentication attempt as Travel
                                                            Document Manufacturer by the Authentication Mechanism
                                                            with Travel Document Manufacturer Keys
                                                         3. Having successfully run the PACE protocol the TOE accepts
                                                            only received commands with correct message
                                                            authentication code sent by means of secure messaging with
                                                            the key agreed with the terminal by means of the PACE
                                                            protocol
                                                         4. After run of the Chip Authentication Protocol the TOE
                                                            accepts only received commands with correct message
                                                            authentication code sent by means of secure messaging with
                                                            key agreed with the terminal by means of the Chip
                                                            Authentication Mechanism.
                                                         5. The TOE accepts the authentication attempt by means of the
                                                            Terminal Authentication Protocol only if the terminal uses the
                                                            public key presented during the Chip Authentication Protocol
                                                            and the secure messaging established by the Chip
                                                            Authentication Mechanism.
                           Application note: Depending on the authentication methods used the Personalization
                           Agent holds a key for the Symmetric Authentication Mechanism. The Basic Access
                           Control Mechanism includes the secure messaging for all commands exchanged after
                           successful authentication of the inspection system. The Personalization Agent may
                           use Symmetric Authentication Mechanism without secure messaging mechanism as
                           well if the personalization environment prevents eavesdropping to the communication
                           between TOE and personalization terminal. The Basic Inspection System shall use the
                           Basic Access Control Authentication Mechanism with the Document Basic Access
                           Keys and the secure messaging after the mutual authentication. The General




                                        All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                           Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                53 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                             ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                       Security Target Lite



                           Inspection System shall use the secure messaging with the keys generated by the
                           Chip Authentication Mechanism.


                       Re-authenticating (FIA_UAU.6)
                           FIA_UAU.6.1/EAC              The TSF shall re-authenticate the user under the conditions each
                                                        command sent to the TOE after successful run of the Chip
                                                        Authentication Protocol shall be verified as being sent by the GIS.

                           Application note: The Basic Access Control Mechanism and the Chip Authentication
                           Protocol specified in [11] include secure messaging for all commands exchanged after
                           successful authentication of the Inspection System. The TOE checks by secure
                           messaging in MAC_ENC mode each command based on Retail-MAC whether it was
                           sent by the successfully authenticated terminal (see FCS_COP.1/MAC for further
                           details). The TOE does not execute any command with incorrect message
                           authentication code. Therefore the TOE re-authenticates the user for each received
                           command and accepts only those commands received from the previously
                           authenticated user.


                           FIA_UAU.6.1/PACE                The TSF shall re-authenticate the user under the conditions each
                                                           command sent to the TOE after successful run of the PACE
                                                           Protocol shall be verified as being sent by the PACE terminal.
                           Application note: The PACE protocol specified in [14] starts secure messaging used
                           for all commands exchanged after successful PACE authentication. The TOE checks
                           each command by secure messaging in encrypt-then-authenticate mode based on
                           CMAC or Retail-MAC, whether it was sent by the successfully authenticated terminal
                           (see FCS_COP.1/PACE_MAC for further details). The TOE does not execute any
                           command with incorrect message authentication code. Therefore, the TOE re-
                           authenticates the terminal connected, if a secure messaging error occurred, and accepts
                           only those commands received from the initially authenticated terminal.


                       Authentication Proof of Identity (FIA_API.1)
                       → Chip Authentication Protocol
                           FIA_API.1.1/             The TSF shall provide a Chip Authentication Protocol according to
                           CAP                      [12] to prove the identity of the TOE.
                           Application note: This SFR requires the TOE to implement the Chip Authentication
                           Mechanism specified in [12]. The TOE and the terminal generate a shared secret using
                           the Diffie-Hellman Protocol (DH or EC-DH) and two session keys for secure messaging
                           in ENC_MAC mode according to [11], normative appendix 5, A5.1. The terminal verifies
                           by means of secure messaging whether the MRTD’s chip was able or not to run his
                           protocol properly using its Chip Authentication Private Key corresponding to the Chip
                           Authentication Key (EF.DG14).
                       → Active Authentication Protocol
                           FIA_API.1.1/             The TSF shall provide an Active Authentication Protocol according
                           AAP                      to [11] to prove the identity of the TOE.
                           Application note: The TOE may implement the Active Authentication Mechanism




                                          All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                             Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                54 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                           ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                     Security Target Lite


                           specified in [11] Part 1 Appendix 4 to section IV. This mechanism is a challenge
                           response protocol where TOE challenge response is calculated being digital signature
                           over the terminal’s 8 bytes nonce.


               6.1.4 User data protection (FDP)
                       Subset access control (FDP_ACC.1)
                           FDP_ACC.1.1/       The TSF shall enforce the Access Control SFP on terminals gaining
                                              access to the User Data and data stored in the EF.SOD of the logical
                           TRM
                                              travel document.


                       Security attribute based access control (FDP_ACF.1)
                           FDP_ACF.1.1/      The TSF shall enforce the Access Control SFP to objects based on
                           TRM               the following:
                                                1. Subjects:
                                                      a. BIS-PACE,
                                                      b. Extended Inspection System
                                                      c. Terminal,
                                                2. Objects:
                                                      a. data EF.DG1, EF.DG2 and EF.DG5 to EF.DG16, EF.SOD and
                                                         EF.COM of the logical MRTD,
                                                      b. data in EF.DG3 of the logical travel document,
                                                      c. data in EF.DG4 of the logical travel document,
                                                      d. all TOE intrinsic secret cryptographic keys stored in the travel
                                                         document,
                                                3. Security attributes:
                                                      a. PACE authentication
                                                      b. authentication status of terminals,
                                                      c. Terminal Authentication.
                           FDP_ACF.1.2/      The TSF shall enforce the following rules to determine if an operation
                           TRM               among controlled subjects and controlled objects is allowed:
                                                              A BIS-PACE is allowed to read data objects from
                                                              FDP_ACF.1.1/TRM according to [14] after a successful PACE
                                                              authentication as required by FIA_UAU.1/PACE.
                           FDP_ACF.1.3/      The TSF shall explicitly authorize access of subjects to objects based
                           TRM               on the following additional rules: none.




                                        All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                           Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                55 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                            ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                      Security Target Lite


                           FDP_ACF.1.4/       The TSF shall explicitly deny access of subjects to objects based on
                           TRM                the rule:
                                                             1. Any terminal being not authenticated as PACE
                                                                authenticated BIS-PACE is not allowed to read, to write, to
                                                                modify, to use any User Data stored on the travel
                                                                Document
                                                             2. Terminals not using secure messaging are not allowed to
                                                                read, to write, to modify, to use any data stored on the
                                                                travel document
                                                             3. Any terminal being not successfully authenticated as
                                                                Extended Inspection System with the Read access to DG3
                                                                (Fingerprint) granted by the relative certificate holder
                                                                authorization encoding is not allowed to read the data
                                                                objects 2b) of FDP_ACF.1.1/TRM.
                                                             4. Any terminal being not successfully authenticated as
                                                                Extended Inspection System with the Read access to DG4
                                                                (Iris) granted by the relative certificate holder authorization
                                                                encoding is not allowed to read the data objects 2c) of
                                                                FDP_ACF.1.1/TRM
                                                             5. Nobody is allowed to read the data objects 2d) of
                                                                FDP_ACF.1.1/TRM
                                                             6. Terminals authenticated as CVCA or as DV are not
                                                                allowed to read data in the EF.DG3 and EF.DG4.
                           Application note: The relative certificate holder authorization encoded in the CVC of
                           the inspection system is defined in [12], Annex A.5.1, table A.8. The TOE verifies the
                           certificate chain established by the Country Verifying Certification Authority, the
                           Document Verifier Certificate and the Inspection System Certificate (cf. FMT_MTD.3).
                           The Terminal Authorization is the intersection of the Certificate Holder Authorization in
                           the certificates of the Country Verifying Certification Authority, the Document Verifier
                           Certificate and the Inspection System Certificate in a valid certificate chain.




                                         All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                            Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                56 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                             ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                       Security Target Lite



                           Application Note: The SFR FDP_ACF.1.1/TRM in this ST covers the definition in the
                           EAC PP [5] that, in turn, extends the definition in PACE PP [6] by additional subjects
                           and objects. The SFRs FDP_ACF.1.2/TRM and FDP_ACF.1.3/TRM in this ST cover
                           the definition in PACE PP [6]. The SFR FDP_ACF.1.4/TRM in this ST covers the
                           definition in the EAC PP [5] that, in turn, extends the definition in PACE PP [6] by 3) to
                           6).These extensions do not conflict with the strict conformance to PACE PP
                           Application Note: FDP_UCT.1/TRM and FDP_UIT.1/TRM require the protection of
                           the User Data transmitted from the TOE to the terminal by secure messaging with
                           encryption and message authentication codes after successful Chip Authentication
                           Version 1 to the Inspection System. The Password Authenticated Connection
                           Establishment, and the Chip Authentication Protocol v.1 establish different key sets to
                           be used for secure messaging (each set of keys for the encryption and the message
                           authentication key).
                           Application Note: Please note that the control on the user data transmitted between
                           the TOE and the PACE terminal is addressed by FTP_ITC.1/PACE.

                       Residual Information Protection (FDP_RIP.1)
                           FDP_RIP.1.1         The TSF shall ensure that any previous information content of a
                                               resource is made unavailable upon the deallocation of the resource
                                               from the following objects.
                                                 1. Session Keys (immediately after closing related communication
                                                    session),
                                                 2. the ephemeral private key ephem-SKPICC-PACE (by having
                                                    generated a DH shared secret K).
                       Basic data exchange confidentiality (FDP_UCT.1)
                           FDP_UCT.1.1/         The TSF shall enforce the Access Control SFP to be able to transmit
                           TRM                  and receive user data in a manner protected from unauthorized
                                                disclosure.


                       Data exchange integrity (FDP_UIT.1)
                           FDP_UIT.1.1/        The TSF shall enforce the Access Control SFP to be able to transmit
                           TRM                 and receive user data in a manner protected from modification,
                                               deletion, insertion and replay errors.
                           FDP_UIT.1.2/        The TSF shall be able to determine on receipt of user data, whether
                           TRM                 modification, deletion, insertion and replay has occurred.


                       Specifications of Management Functions (FMT_SMF.1)
                           FMT_SMF.1.1             The TSF shall be capable of performing the following security
                                                   management functions:
                                                      1. Initialization,
                                                      2. Pre-personalization,
                                                      3. Personalization,




                                          All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                             Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                57 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                            ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                      Security Target Lite



                                                     4. Configuration.


                       Security roles (FMT_SMR.1)
                           FMT_SMR.1.1/             The TSF shall maintain the roles
                           PACE                       1. Manufacturer,
                                                      2. Personalization Agent,
                                                      3. Terminal
                                                      4. PACE authenticated BIS-PACE
                                                      5. Country Verifying Certification Authority,
                                                      6. Document Verifier,
                                                      7. Domestic Extended Inspection System
                                                      8. Foreign Extended Inspection System.
                                                      9. Basic Inspection System
                           FMT_SMR.1.2              The TSF shall be able to associate users with roles.

                           Application Note: The SFR FMT_SMR.1.1/PACE in this ST covers the definition in
                           the EAC PP that, in turn, extends the definition in PACE PP by 5) to 8). This extension
                           does not conflict with the strict conformance to PACE PP.


                           Application note: For explanation on the role Manufacturer and Personalisation
                           Agent please refer to the glossary. The role Terminal is the default role for any
                           terminal being recognised by the TOE as not PACE authenticated BIS-PACE
                           (‘Terminal’ is used by the travel document presenter).
                           The TOE recognises the travel document holder or an authorised other person or
                           device (BIS-PACE) by using PACE authenticated BIS-PACE (FIA_UAU.1/PACE).

               6.1.5 Security management (FMT)
                       Limited capabilities (FMT_LIM.1)
                           FMT_LIM.1.1             The TSF shall be designed in a manner that limits their capabilities
                                                   so that in conjunction with “Limited availability (FMT_LIM.2)” the
                                                   following policy is enforced:
                                                   Deploying Test Features after TOE Delivery does not allow,
                                                     1. User Data to be manipulated and disclosed,
                                                     2. sensitive User Data (EF.DG3 and EF.DG4) to be disclosed,
                                                     3. TSF data to be disclosed or manipulated
                                                     4. software to be reconstructed and
                                                     5. substantial information about construction of TSF to be
                                                        gathered which may enable other attacks.




                                         All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                            Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                58 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                            ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                      Security Target Lite



                       Limited availability (FMT_LIM.2)
                           FMT_LIM.2.1             The TSF shall be designed in a manner that limits their availability
                                                   so that in conjunction with “Limited capabilities (FMT_LIM.1)” the
                                                   following policy is enforced:
                                                   Deploying Test Features after TOE Delivery does not allow,
                                                     1. User Data to be manipulated and disclosed,
                                                     2. sensitive User Data (EF.DG3 and EF.DG4) to be disclosed,
                                                     3. TSF data to be disclosed or manipulated
                                                     4. software to be reconstructed and
                                                     5. substantial information about construction of TSF to be
                                                        gathered which may enable other attacks.
                           Application note: The formulation of “Deploying Test Features …” in FMT_LIM.2.1 is
                           very misleading since the addressed features are no longer available (e.g. by disabling
                           or removing the respective functionality). Nevertheless the combination of FMT_LIM.1
                           and FMT_LIM.2 is introduced to provide an optional approach to enforce the same
                           policy.
                           Note that the term “software” in item 4 of FMT_LIM.1.1 and FMT_LIM.2.1 refers to
                           both IC Dedicated and IC Embedded Software.

                       Management of TSF data (FMT_MTD.1)
                       → Writing of Initialization Data and Pre-personalization Data

                           FMT_MTD.1.1/             The TSF shall restrict the ability to write the Initialization Data and
                           INI_ENA                  Pre-personalization Data to the Manufacturer.

                           Application note: The pre-personalization Data includes but is not limited to the
                           authentication reference data for the Personalization Agent which is the symmetric
                           cryptographic Personalization Agent Key.


                       → Disabling of Read Access to Initialization Data and Pre-personalization Data

                           FMT_MTD.1.1/             The TSF shall restrict the ability to read out the Initialisation Data
                                                    and the Pre-personalisation Data to the Personalization Agent.
                           INI_DIS

                           Application note: According to P.Manufact the IC Manufacturer and the MRTD
                           Manufacturer are the default users assumed by the TOE in the role Manufacturer
                           during the Phase 2 “Manufacturing” but the TOE is not requested to distinguish
                           between these users within the role Manufacturer. The TOE may restrict the ability to
                           write the Initialization Data and the Pre-personalization Data by (i) allowing to write
                           these data only once and (ii) blocking the role Manufacturer at the end of the Phase 2.
                           The IC Manufacturer may write the Initialization Data which includes but are not limited
                           to the IC Identifier as required by FAU_SAS.1. The Initialization Data provides a
                           unique identification of the IC which is used to trace the IC in the Phase 2 and 3
                           “personalization” but is not needed and may be misused in the Phase 4 “Operational




                                         All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                            Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                59 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                              ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                        Security Target Lite



                           Use”. Therefore the external read access shall be blocked. The MRTD Manufacturer
                           will write the Pre-personalization Data.


                       → Initialization of CVCA Certificate and Current Date

                           FMT_MTD.1.1/          The TSF shall restrict the ability to write the
                           CVCA_INI                       1. initial Country Verifying Certification Authority Public Key,
                                                          2. initial Country Verifying Certification Authority Certificate,
                                                          3. initial Current Date
                                                 to the Personalization Agent.

                           Application note: The initial Country Verifying Certification Authority Public Key may be
                           written by the Manufacturer in the production or pre-personalization phase or by the
                           Personalization Agent (cf. [12], section 2.2.6). The initial Country Verifying Certification
                           Authority Public Keys (and their updates later on) are used to verify the Country Verifying
                           Certification Authority Link-Certificates. The initial Country Verifying Certification Authority
                           Certificate and the initial Current Date is needed for verification of the certificates and the
                           calculation of the Terminal Authorization.




                                           All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                              Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                60 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                              ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                        Security Target Lite



                       → Country Verifying Certification Authority

                           FMT_MTD.1.1/          The TSF shall restrict the ability to update the
                           CVCA_UPD                       1. Country Verifying Certification Authority Public Key,
                                                          2. Country Verifying Certification Authority Certificate,
                                                 to Country Verifying Certification Authority.

                           Application note: The Country Verifying Certification Authority updates its asymmetric
                           key pair and distributes the public key be means of the Country Verifying CA Link-
                           Certificates (cf. [12], sec. 2.2). The TOE updates its internal trust-point if a valid Country
                           Verifying CA Link- Certificates (cf. FMT_MTD.3) is provided by the terminal (cf. [12], sec.
                           2.2.3 and 2.2.4).


                       → Current date

                           FMT_MTD.1.1/          The TSF shall restrict the ability to modify the Current date to
                           DATE                           1. Country Verifying Certification Authority,
                                                          2. Document Verifier,
                                                          3. Domestic Extended Inspection System.

                           Application note: The authorized roles are identified in their certificate (cf. [12], sec. 2.2.4
                           and Table A.5) and authorized by validation of the certificate chain (cf. FMT_MTD.3). The
                           authorized role of the terminal is part of the Certificate Holder Authorization in the card
                           verifiable certificate provided by the terminal for the identification and the Terminal
                           Authentication (cf. to [12], annex A.3.3, for details).


                       → Key Write

                           FMT_MTD.1.1/               The TSF shall restrict the ability to write the Document Basic
                           KEY_WRITE                  Access Keys to the Personalization Agent.

                           Application note: The Country Verifying Certification Authority Public Key is the TSF data
                           for verification of the certificates of the Document Verifier and the Extended Inspection
                           Systems including the access rights for the Extended Access Control.


                       → Chip Authentication Private Key

                           FMT_MTD.1.1/          The TSF shall restrict the ability to load or generate the Chip
                           CAPK                  Authentication Private Key to the Personalization Agent.

                           Application note: The component FMT_MTD.1/CAPK was refined in this Security Target
                           by selecting both “create” and “load” operations. The verb “load” means here that the Chip
                           Authentication Private Key is generated securely outside the TOE and written into the TOE
                           memory: the generator, the modulus and the order. The verb “create” means here that the




                                           All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                              Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                61 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                             ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                       Security Target Lite



                           Chip Authentication Private Key order is generated by the TOE itself. See the instantiation
                           of the component FCS_CKM.1/PK as SFR for this key generation.


                       → Active Authentication Private Key

                           FMT_MTD.1.1/              The TSF shall restrict the ability to load the Active Authentication
                           AAPK                      Private Key to the Personalization Agent.

                           Application note: The “load” option is selected here and may be used by the successfully
                           authenticated Personalization Agent if he is willing to include the optional Active
                           Authentication Key in the MRTD. The verb “load” means here that the Active Authentication
                           Private Key is generated securely outside the TOE and written into the TOE memory..


                       → Personalization agent
                           FMT_MTD.1.1/              The TSF shall restrict the ability to write the SOD to the
                           PA                        Personalization Agent


                       → Key Read

                           FMT_MTD.1.1/              The TSF shall restrict the ability to read the
                           KEY_READ                    1. PACE passwords
                                                       2. Chip Authentication Private Key,
                                                       3. Personalization Agent Keys
                                                       4. Active Authentication Private Key
                                                     to none.

                       Secure TSF data (FMT_MTD.3)
                           FMT_MTD.3.1               The TSF shall ensure that only secure values of the certificate
                                                     chain are accepted for TSF data of the Terminal Authentication
                                                     Protocol and the Access Control.

                           Refinement: The certificate chain is valid if and only if
                            1. the digital signature of the Inspection System Certificate can be verified as correct
                               with the public key of the Document Verifier Certificate and the expiration date of
                               the Inspection System Certificate is not before the Current Date of the TOE,
                            2. the digital signature of the Document Verifier Certificate can be verified as correct
                               with the public key in the Certificate of the Country Verifying Certification Authority
                               and the expiration date of the Document Verifier Certificate is not before the
                               Current Date of the TOE,
                            3. the digital signature of the Certificate of the Country Verifying Certification
                               Authority can be verified as correct with the public key of the Country Verifying
                               Certification Authority known to the TOE and the expiration date of the Certificate




                                          All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                             Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                62 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                            ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                      Security Target Lite



                               of the Country Verifying Certification Authority is not before the Current Date of the
                               TOE.
                           The Inspection System Public Key contained in the Inspection System Certificate in a
                           valid certificate chain is a secure value for the authentication reference data of the
                           Extended Inspection System. The intersection of the Certificate Holder Authorizations
                           contained in the certificates of a valid certificate chain is a secure value for Terminal
                           Authorization of a successful authenticated Extended Inspection System.

                           Application note: The Terminal Authentication is used for Extended Inspection
                           System as required by FIA_UAU.4 and FIA_UAU.5. The Terminal Authorization is
                           used as TSF data for access control required by FDP_ACF.1.

               6.1.6 Protection of the TSF (FPT)
                       TOE Emanation (FPT_EMSEC.1)
                           FPT_EMSEC.1.1               The TOE shall not emit information of IC Power consumption in
                                                       excess of State of the Art values enabling access to
                                                                 1. Chip Authentication Session Keys,
                                                                 2. PACE session Keys,
                                                                 3. The ephemeral private key,
                                                                 4. Personalisation Agent Key(s),
                                                                 5. Chip Authentication Private Key, and
                                                                 6. Active Authentication Private Key.
                           FPT_EMSEC.1.2               The TSF shall ensure any users are unable to use the following
                                                       interface smart card circuit contacts to gain access to
                                                                 1. Chip Authentication Session Keys,
                                                                 2. PACE session Keys,
                                                                 3. The ephemeral private key,
                                                                 4. Personalisation Agent Key(s),
                                                                 5. Chip Authentication Private Key, and
                                                                 6. Active Authentication Private Key.
                           Application note: The TOE prevents attacks against the listed secret data where the
                           attack is based on external observable physical phenomena of the TOE. Such attacks
                           may be observable at the interfaces of the TOE or may be originated from internal
                           operation of the TOE or may be caused by an attacker that varies the physical
                           environment under which the TOE operates. The set of measurable physical
                           phenomena is influenced by the technology employed to implement the smart card.
                           The MRTD’s chip provides a smart card contactless interface but may have also (not
                           used by the terminal but maybe by an attacker) sensitive contacts according to
                           ISO/IEC 7816-2 as well. Examples of measurable phenomena include, but are not
                           limited to variations in the power consumption, the timing of signals and the
                           electromagnetic radiation due to internal operations or data transmissions.




                                         All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                            Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                63 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                             ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                       Security Target Lite



                       Failure with preservation of secure state (FPT_FLS.1)
                           FPT_FLS.1.1              The TSF shall preserve a secure state when the following types of
                                                    failures occur:
                                                      1. Exposure to operating conditions causing a TOE malfunction,
                                                      2. failure detected by TSF according to FPT_TST.1.
                       Resistance to physical attack (FPT_PHP.3)
                           FPT_PHP.3.1              The TSF shall resist Physical manipulation and physical probing to
                                                    the TSF by responding automatically such that the SFRs are
                                                    always enforced.

                           Application note: The TOE implements appropriate measures to continuously
                           counter physical manipulation and physical probing. Due to the nature of these attacks
                           (especially manipulation) the TOE can by no means detect attacks on all of its
                           elements. Therefore, permanent protection against these attacks is required ensuring
                           that the TSP could not be violated at any time. Hence, “automatic response” means
                           here (i) assuming that there might be an attack at any time and (ii) countermeasures
                           are provided at any time.

                           Application note: The SFRs “Non-bypassability of the TSF FPT_RVM.1” and “TSF
                           domain separation FPT_SEP.1” are no longer part of [1]. These requirements are now
                           an implicit part of the assurance requirement ADV_ARC.1.

                       TSF testing (FPT_TST.1)
                           FPT_TST.1.1              The TSF shall run a suite of self-tests during initial start-up to
                                                    demonstrate the correct operation of the TSF.

                           FPT_TST.1.2              The TSF shall provide authorized users with the capability to
                                                    verify the integrity of TSF data.

                           FPT_TST.1.3              The TSF shall provide authorized users with the capability to
                                                    verify the integrity of stored TSF executable code.

                           Application note: self-test for the verification of the integrity of stored TSF executable
                           code are executed during initial start-up in the Phase 3 “Personalization” and Phase 4
                           “Operational Use”.

                       Inter-TSF trusted channel (FTP_ITC.1)
                           FTP_ITC.1.1/        The TSF shall provide a communication channel between itself and
                                               another trusted IT product that is logically distinct from other
                           PACE
                                               communication channels and provides assured identification of its
                                               end points and protection of the channel data from modification or
                                               disclosure.

                           FTP_ITC.1.2/        The TSF shall permit another trusted IT product to initiate
                                               communication via the trusted channel.
                           PACE




                                          All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                             Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                64 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                             ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                       Security Target Lite



                           FTP_ITC.1.3/        The TSF shall enforce communication via the trusted channel for any
                           PACE                data exchange between the TOE and the Terminal.




                                          All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                             Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                65 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                              ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                            Security Target Lite



                 6.2 TOE Security Assurance Requirements
                       TOE Security Assurance Requirements as stated in section 6.2 of the claimed PP [5].
                       ALC_DVS is augmented from 1 to 2, and AVA_VAN is augmented from 3 to 5, compared
                       to the CC V3.1 package for EAL5.
               6.2.1 SARs Measures
                       The assurance measures that satisfy the TOE security assurance requirements are the
                       following:

                           Assurance Class                       Component                       Description
                           ADV:
                                                                 ADV_ARC.1                       Security architecture description
                           Development
                                                                                                 Complete Semi-formal functional specification
                                                                 ADV_FSP.5
                                                                                                 with additional error information
                                                                 ADV_IMP.1                       Implementation representation of the TSF
                                                                 ADV_INT.2                       Well-structured internals
                                                                 ADV_TDS.4                       Semi-formal modular design
                           AGD:                                  AGD_OPE.1                       Operational user guidance
                           Guidance documents                    AGD_PRE.1                       Preparative procedures
                           ALC:                                                                  Production support, acceptance procedures
                                                                 ALC_CMC.4
                           Lifecycle support                                                     and automation
                                                                 ALC_CMS.5                       Development tools CM coverage
                                                                 ALC_DEL.1                       Delivery procedures
                                                                 ALC_DVS.2                       Sufficiency of security measures
                                                                 ALC_LCD.1                       Developer defined lifecycle model
                                                                 ALC_TAT.2                       Compliance with implementation standards
                                                                 ASE_CCL.1                       Conformance claims
                                                                 ASE_ECD.1                       Extended components definition
                           ASE:                                  ASE_INT.1                       ST introduction
                           Security Target                       ASE_OBJ.2                       Security objectives
                           evaluation                            ASE_REQ.2                       Derived security requirements
                                                                 ASE_SPD.1                       Security problem definition
                                                                 ASE_TSS.1                       TOE summary specification
                                                                 ATE_COV.2                       Analysis of coverage
                           ATE:                                  ATE_DPT.3                       Testing: modular design
                           Test                                  ATE_FUN.1                       Functional testing
                                                                 ATE_IND.2                       Independent testing - sample
                           AVA:
                                                                                                 Advanced methodical vulnerability
                           Vulnerability                         AVA_VAN.5
                                                                                                 analysis
                           assessment

                       Table 6.      Assurance Requirements: EAL5 augmented




                                           All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.         © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                              Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                    66 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                          ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite



               6.2.2 SARs Rationale
                       The EAL5 was chosen to permit a developer to gain maximum assurance from positive
                       security engineering based on good commercial development practices which, though
                       rigorous, do not require substantial specialist knowledge, skills, and other resources.
                       EAL5 is the highest level at which it is likely to be economically feasible to retrofit to an
                       existing product line. EAL5 is applicable in those circumstances where developers or
                       users require a moderate to high level of independently assured security in conventional
                       commodity TOEs and are prepared to incur sensitive security specific engineering costs.
                       Augmentation results from the selection of:


                       ALC_DVS.2 Life-cycle support- Sufficiency of security measures
                       The selection of the component ALC_DVS.2 provides a higher assurance of the security
                       of the MRTD’s development and manufacturing especially for the secure handling of the
                       MRTD’s material.
                       The component ALC_DVS.2 has no dependencies.


                       AVA_VAN.5 Vulnerability Assessment - Advanced methodical vulnerability analysis
                       The selection of the component AVA_VAN.5 provides a higher assurance of the security
                       by vulnerability analysis to assess the resistance to penetration attacks performed by an
                       attacker possessing a high attack potential. This vulnerability analysis is necessary to
                       fulfil the security objectives OT.Sens_Data_Conf, OT.Chip_Auth_Proof and
                       OT.AA_Proof.
                       The component AVA_VAN.5 has the following dependencies:
                           ADV_ARC.1 Security architecture description
                           ADV_FSP.2 Security-enforcing functional specification
                           ADV_TDS.3 Basic modular design
                           ADV_IMP.1 Implementation representation
                           AGD_OPE.1 Operational user guidance
                           AGD_PRE.1 Preparative procedures
                       All of these are met or exceeded in the EAL5 assurance package.




                                       All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                67 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                          ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Security Target Lite



                 6.3 Security Requirements Rationale
               6.3.1 Security Requirement Coverage
                       The following table associates the security requirements and the security objectives of
                       the TOE. The security requirements of the TOE correspond to at least one security
                       objective of the TOE. Moreover, some requirements correspond to the security objectives
                       of the TOE in combination with other objectives.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    OT.Prot_Phys-Tamper
                                                                                                                                                                                                             OT.Prot_Abuse-Func
                                                                           OT.Sens_Data_Conf




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            OT.Prot_Malfunction
                                                                                               OT.Chip_Aut_Proof




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    OT.Prot_Inf_Leak
                                                                                                                                                                                         OT.Identification
                                  TOE SFR




                                                                                                                                                                          OT.Data_Conf
                                                                                                                   OT.AA_Proof




                                                                                                                                                            OT.Data_Aut
                                       /




                                                                                                                                 OT.AC_Pers

                                                                                                                                              OT.Data_Int




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       OT.Tracing
                            TOE Security objectives



                           FAU_SAS.1                                                                                             X                                                       X
                           FCS_CKM.1/CA                                   X                    X                                 X            X             X             X
                           FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE                                                                                                  X             X             X
                           FCS_CKM.1/KP                                                                            X
                           FCS_CKM.4                                      X                                                      X            X             X             X
                           FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC                               X                    X                                 X            X                           X
                           FCS_COP.1/CA_MAC                               X                    X                                 X            X
                           FCS_COP.1/SIG_VER                              X                                                      X
                           FCS_COP.1/SIG_GEN                                                                       X             X
                           FCS_COP.1/SHA                                                       X                   X
                           FCS_COP.1/PACE_ENC                                                                                                                             X
                           FCS_COP.1/PACE_MAC                                                                                                 X             X
                           FCS_RND.1                                      X                                        X             X            X             X             X
                           FIA_AFL.1/PACE                                                                                                                                                                                                              X
                           FIA_UID.1/PACE                                 X                                                      X            X             X             X
                           FIA_UAU.1/PACE                                 X                                                      X            X             X             X
                           FIA_UAU.4/PACE                                 X                                                      X            X             X             X
                           FIA_UAU.5/PACE                                 X                                                      X            X             X             X
                           FIA_UAU.6/EAC                                  X                                                      X            X             X             X
                           FIA_UAU.6/PACE                                                                                                     X             X             X
                           FIA_API.1/CAP                                                       X
                           FIA_API.1/AAP                                                                           X
                           FDP_ACC.1/TRM                                  X                                                      X            X                           X
                           FDP_ACF.1/TRM                                  X                                                      X            X                           X
                           FDP_RIP.1                                                                                                          X             X             X
                           FDP_UCT.1/TRM                                  X                                                                   X                           X
                           FDP_UIT.1/TRM                                                                                                      X                           X
                           FMT_SMF.1                                                           X                                 X            X             X             X              X
                           FMT_SMR.1/PACE                                                      X                                 X            X             X             X              X




                                       All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.                                                                                                                 © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                                                                                                                                                             68 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                          ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Security Target Lite




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    OT.Prot_Phys-Tamper
                                                                                                                                                                                                             OT.Prot_Abuse-Func
                                                                           OT.Sens_Data_Conf




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            OT.Prot_Malfunction
                                                                                               OT.Chip_Aut_Proof




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    OT.Prot_Inf_Leak
                                                                                                                                                                                         OT.Identification
                                  TOE SFR




                                                                                                                                                                          OT.Data_Conf
                                                                                                                   OT.AA_Proof




                                                                                                                                                            OT.Data_Aut
                                       /




                                                                                                                                 OT.AC_Pers

                                                                                                                                              OT.Data_Int




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       OT.Tracing
                            TOE Security objectives



                           FMT_LIM.1                                                                                                                                                                         X
                           FTM_LIM.2                                                                                                                                                                         X
                           FMT_MTD.1/INI_ENA                                                                                     X                                                       X
                           FMT_MTD.1/INI_DIS                                                                                     X                                                       X
                           FMT_MTD.1/CVCA_INI                             X
                           FMT_MTD.1/CVCA_UPD                             X
                           FMT_MTD.1/DATE                                 X
                           FMT_MTD.1/KEY_WRITE                            X                                                      X
                           FMT_MTD.1/CAPK                                 X                    X                                              X
                           FMT_MTD.1/AAPK                                                                          X             X
                           FMT_MTD.1/PA                                                                                          X            X             X             X
                           FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ                             X                    X                                 X            X             X             X
                           FMT_MTD.3                                      X
                           FPT_EMSEC.1                                                                                           X                                                                                                X
                           FPT_FLS.1                                                                                                                                                                                              X                                                        X
                           FPT_PHP.3                                                                                                          X                                                                                   X                                 X
                           FPT_TST.1                                                                                                                                                                                              X                                                        X
                           FTP_ITC.1/PACE                                                                                                     X             X             X                                                                            X

                       Table 7.   Functional Requirement to TOE Security Objective Mapping



               6.3.2 Security Requirements Sufficiency
                       TOE Security Requirements Sufficiency
                       OT.AA_Proof (Proof of MRTD’s chip authenticity by Active Authentication) is
                       ensured by the Active Authentication Protocol provided by FIA_API.1/AAP enforcing the
                       identification and authentication of the MRTD’s chip. The Active Authentication protocol
                       requires FCS_RND.1 (for the generation of the challenge), and FCS_COP.1/SHA (for the
                       host challenge hashing) and FCS_COP.1/SIG_GEN (for the signature generation). The
                       Active Authentication private Key is used. This TOE secret data is created during
                       Personalization (Phase 3) according to FCS_CKM.1/KP (for Key Pair generation
                       mechanism), and by authorized agent as required by FMT_MTD.1/ AAPK.


                       OT.AC_Pers (Access Control for Personalization of logical MRTD) addresses the
                       access control of the writing the logical travel document. The justification for the SFRs
                       FAU_SAS.1, FMT_MTD.1/INI_ENA and FMT_MTD.1/INI_DIS arises from the justification
                       for OT.Identification above with respect to the Pre-personalization Data (including Active




                                       All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.                                                                                                                 © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                                                                                                                                                             69 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                         ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                   Security Target Lite



                       Authentication keys generated with FCS_COP.1/SIG_GEN) loaded through
                       FMT_MTD.1/AAPK). The write access to the logical travel document data are defined by
                       the SFR FIA_UID.1/PACE, FIA_UAU.1/PACE, FDP_ACC.1/TRM and FDP_ACF.1/TRM
                       in the same way: only the successfully authenticated Personalisation Agent is allowed to
                       write the data of the groups EF.DG1 to EF.DG16 of the logical travel document only
                       once. FMT_MTD.1/PA covers the related property of OT.AC_Pers (writing SOD and, in
                       generally, personalisation data). The SFR FMT_SMR.1/PACE lists the roles (including
                       Personalisation Agent) and the SFR FMT_SMF.1 lists the TSF management functions
                       (including Personalisation). The SFRs FMT_MTD.1./KEY_READ and FPT_EMS.1
                       restrict the access to the Personalisation Agent Keys and the Chip Authentication Private
                       Key.
                       The authentication of the terminal as Personalisation Agent shall be performed by TSF
                       according to SFR FIA_UAU.4/PACE and FIA_UAU.5/PACE. If the Personalisation
                       Terminal wants to authenticate itself to the TOE by means of the Terminal Authentication
                       Protocol v.1 (after Chip Authentication v.1) with the Personalisation Agent Keys the TOE
                       will use TSF according to the FCS_RND.1 (for the generation of the challenge),
                       FCS_CKM.1/CA (for the derivation of the new session keys after Chip Authentication
                       v.1), and FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC and FCS_COP.1/CA_MAC (for the ENC_MAC_Mode
                       secure messaging), FCS_COP.1/SIG_VER (as part of the Terminal Authentication
                       Protocol v.1) and FIA_UAU.6/EAC (for the re-authentication). If the Personalisation
                       Terminal wants to authenticate itself to the TOE by means of the Authentication
                       Mechanism with Personalisation Agent Key the TOE will use TSF according to the
                       FCS_RND.1 (for the generation of the challenge) and FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC (to verify
                       the authentication attempt). The session keys are destroyed according to FCS_CKM.4
                       after use. The Personalization Agent also handles the security environment object
                       according to the SFR FMT_MTD.1/KEY_WRITE.


                       OT.Data_Int (Integrity of personal data) data” requires the TOE to protect the integrity
                       of the logical travel document stored on the travel document’s chip against physical
                       manipulation and unauthorized writing. Physical manipulation is addressed by
                       FPT_PHP.3. Logical manipulation of stored user data is addressed by
                       (FDP_ACC.1/TRM, FDP_ACF.1/TRM): only the Personalisation Agent is allowed to write
                       the data in EF.DG1 to EF.DG16 of the logical travel document (FDP_ACF.1.2/TRM, rule
                       1) and terminals are not allowed to modify any of the data in EF.DG1 to EF.DG16 of the
                       logical travel document (cf. FDP_ACF.1.4/TRM). FMT_MTD.1/PA requires that SOD
                       containing signature over the User Data stored on the TOE and used for the Passive
                       Authentication is allowed to be written by the Personalisation Agent only and, hence, is to
                       be considered as trustworthy. The Personalisation Agent must identify and authenticate
                       themselves according to FIA_UID.1/PACE and FIA_UAU.1/PACE before accessing
                       these data. FIA_UAU.4/PACE, FIA_UAU.5/PACE and FCS_CKM.4 represent some
                       required specific properties of the protocols used. The SFR FMT_SMR.1/PACE lists the
                       roles and the SFR FMT_SMF.1 lists the TSF management functions.
                       Unauthorised modifying of the exchanged data is addressed, in the first line, by
                       FDP_UCT.1/TRM, FDP_UIT.1/TR and FTP_ITC.1/PACE using
                       FCS_COP.1/PACE_MAC. For PACE secured data exchange, a prerequisite for
                       establishing this trusted channel is a successful PACE Authentication (FIA_UID.1/PACE,




                                      All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                         Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                70 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                         ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                   Security Target Lite



                       FIA_UAU.1/PACE) using FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE and possessing the special properties
                       FIA_UAU.5/PACE, FIA_UAU.6/PACE resp. FIA_UAU.6/EAC. The trusted channel is
                       established using PACE, Chip Authentication v.1, and Terminal Authentication v.1.
                       FDP_RIP.1 requires erasing the values of session keys (here: for KMAC).
                       The TOE supports the inspection system detect any modification of the transmitted
                       logical travel document data after Chip Authentication v.1. The SFR FIA_UAU.6/EAC and
                       FDP_UIT.1/TRM requires the integrity protection of the transmitted data after Chip
                       Authentication v.1 by means of secure messaging implemented by the cryptographic
                       functions according to FCS_CKM.1/CA (for the generation of shared secret andfor the
                       derivation of the new session keys), and FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC and
                       FCS_COP.1/CA_MAC for the ENC_MAC_Mode secure messaging. The session keys
                       are destroyed according to FCS_CKM.4 after use.
                       The SFR FMT_MTD.1/CAPK and FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ requires that the Chip
                       Authentication Key cannot be written unauthorized or read afterwards. The SFR
                       FCS_RND.1 represents a general support for cryptographic operations needed.


                       OT.Data_Conf (Confidentiality of personal data) aims that the TOE always ensures
                       confidentiality of the User- and TSF-data stored and, after the PACE Authentication resp.
                       Chip Authentication, of these data exchanged. This objective for the data stored is mainly
                       achieved by (FDP_ACC.1/TRM, FDP_ACF.1/TRM). FIA_UAU.4/PACE,
                       FIA_UAU.5/PACE and FCS_CKM.4 represent some required specific properties of the
                       protocols used. This objective for the data exchanged is mainly achieved by
                       FDP_UCT.1/TRM, FDP_UIT.1/TRM and FTP_ITC.1/PACE using
                       FCS_COP.1/PACE_ENC resp. FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC. A prerequisite for establishing this
                       trusted channel is a successful PACE or Chip and Terminal Authentication v.1
                       (FIA_UID.1/PACE, FIA_UAU.1/PACE) using FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE resp.
                       FCS_CKM.1/CA and possessing the special properties FIA_UAU.5/PACE,
                       FIA_UAU.6/PACE resp. FIA_UAU.6/EAC. FDP_RIP.1 requires erasing the values of
                       session keys (here: for KENC). The SFR FMT_MTD.1./KEY_READ restricts the access
                       to the PACE passwords and the Chip Authentication Private Key. FMT_MTD.1/PA
                       requires that SOD containing signature over the User Data stored on the TOE and used
                       for the Passive Authentication is allowed to be written by the Personalisation Agent only
                       and, hence, is to be considered trustworthy. The SFR FCS_RND.1 represents the
                       general support for cryptographic operations needed. The SFRs FMT_SMF.1 and
                       FMT_SMR.1/PACE support the functions and roles related.


                       The security objective OT.Sense_Data_Conf “Confidentiality of sensitive biometric
                       reference data” is enforced by the Access Control SFP defined in FDP_ACC.1/TRM and
                       FDP_ACF.1/TRM allowing the data of EF.DG3 and EF.DG4 only to be read by
                       successfully authenticated Extended Inspection System being authorized by a valid
                       certificate according FCS_COP.1/SIG_VER. The SFRs FIA_UID.1/PACE and
                       FIA_UAU.1/PACE require the identification and authentication of the inspection systems.
                       The SFR FIA_UAU.5/PACE requires the successful Chip Authentication (CA) v.1 before
                       any authentication attempt as Extended Inspection System. During the protected
                       communication following the CA v.1 the reuse of authentication data is prevented by
                       FIA_UAU.4/PACE. The SFR FIA_UAU.6/EAC and FDP_UCT.1/TRM requires the




                                      All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                         Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                71 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                          ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite



                       confidentiality protection of the transmitted data after Chip Authentication v.1 by means
                       of secure messaging implemented by the cryptographic functions according to
                       FCS_RND.1 (for the generation of the terminal authentication challenge),
                       FCS_CKM.1/CA (for the generation of shared secret and for the derivation of the new
                       session keys), and FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC and FCS_COP.1/CA_MAC for the
                       ENC_MAC_Mode secure messaging. The session keys are destroyed according to
                       FCS_CKM.4 after use. The SFR FMT_MTD.1/CAPK and FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ
                       requires that the Chip Authentication Key cannot be written unauthorized or read
                       afterwards.
                       The Personalization Agent manages the security environment object data required for
                       Chip Authentication and for Terminal Authentication according to SFR
                       FMT_MTD.1/KEY_WRITE.
                       To allow a verification of the certificate chain as in FMT_MTD.3 the CVCA’s public key
                       and certificate as well as the current date are written or update by authorized identified
                       role as of FMT_MTD.1/CVCA_INI, FMT_MTD.1/CVCA_UPD and FMT_MTD.1/DATE.


                       The security objective OT.Chip_Auth_Proof “Proof of travel document’s chip
                       authenticity” is ensured by the Chip Authentication Protocol v.1 provided by
                       FIA_API.1/CAP proving the identity of the TOE. The Chip Authentication Protocol v.1
                       defined by FCS_CKM.1/CA is performed using a TOE internally stored confidential
                       private key as required by FMT_MTD.1/CAPK and FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ. The Chip
                       Authentication Protocol v.1 [6] requires additional TSF according to FCS_CKM.1/CA (for
                       the derivation of the session keys), FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC and FCS_COP.1/CA_MAC
                       (for the ENC_MAC_Mode secure messaging). The SFRs FMT_SMF.1 and
                       FMT_SMR.1/PACE support the functions and roles related.


                       OT.Data_Aut (Authenticity of personal data) aims ensuring authenticity of the User-
                       and TSF data (after the PACE Authentication) by enabling its verification at the terminal-
                       side and by an active verification by the TOE itself. This objective is mainly achieved by
                       FTP_ITC.1/PACE using FCS_COP.1/PACE_MAC. A prerequisite for establishing this
                       trusted channel is a successful PACE or Chip and Terminal Authentication v.1
                       (FIA_UID.1/PACE, FIA_UAU.1/PACE) using FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE resp.
                       FCS_CKM.1/CA and possessing the special properties FIA_UAU.5/PACE,
                       FIA_UAU.6/PACE resp. FIA_UAU.6/EAC. FDP_RIP.1 requires erasing the values of
                       session keys (here: for KMAC). FIA_UAU.4/PACE, FIA_UAU.5/PACE and FCS_CKM.4
                       represent some required specific properties of the protocols used. The SFR
                       FMT_MTD.1./KEY_READ restricts the access to the PACE passwords and the Chip
                       Authentication Private Key. FMT_MTD.1/PA requires that SOD containing signature over
                       the User Data stored on the TOE and used for the Passive Authentication is allowed to
                       be written by the Personalisation Agent only and, hence, is to be considered as
                       trustworthy. The SFR FCS_RND.1 represents a general support for cryptographic
                       operations needed. The SFRs FMT_SMF.1 and FMT_SMR.1/PACE support the
                       functions and roles related.




                                       All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                72 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                         ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                   Security Target Lite



                       OT.Tracing (Tracing travel document) aims that the TOE prevents gathering TOE
                       tracing data by means of unambiguous identifying the travel document remotely through
                       establishing or listening to a communication via the contactless interface of the TOE
                       without a priori knowledge of the correct values of shared passwords (CAN, MRZ).This
                       objective is achieved as follows:
                           (i) while establishing PACE communication with CAN or MRZ (non-blocking
                               authorisation data) – by FIA_AFL.1/PACE;
                           (ii) for listening to PACE communication (is of importance for the current PP, since
                                SOD is card-individual) – FTP_ITC.1/PACE.


                       OT.Sens_Data_Conf (Confidentiality of sensitive biometric reference data) is
                       enforced by the Access Control SFP defined in FDP_ACC.1 and FDP_ACF.1 allowing
                       the data of EF.DG3 and EF.DG4 only to be read by successfully authenticated Extended
                       Inspection System being authorized by a validly verifiable certificate according
                       FCS_COP.1/SIG_VER. The SFR FIA_UID.1 and FIA_UAU.1 requires the identification
                       and authentication of the inspection systems. The SFR FIA_UAU.5 requires the
                       successful Chip Authentication (CA) before any authentication attempt as Extended
                       Inspection System. During the protected communication following the CA the reuse of
                       authentication data is prevented by FIA_UAU.4.
                       The SFR FIA_UAU.6 and FDP_UCT.1 requires the confidentiality protection of the
                       transmitted data after chip authentication by means of secure messaging implemented
                       by the cryptographic functions according to FCS_RND.1 (for the generation of the
                       terminal authentication challenge), FCS_CKM.1/DH (for the generation of shared secret),
                       FCS_CKM.1/CA (for the derivation of the new session keys), and FCS_COP.1/ENC and
                       FCS_COP.1/MAC for the ENC_MAC_Mode secure messaging. The session keys are
                       destroyed according to FCS_CKM.4 after use. The SFR FMT_MTD.1/CAPK and
                       FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ requires that the Chip Authentication Key cannot be written
                       unauthorized or read afterwards. To allow a verification of the certificate chain as in
                       FMT_MTD.3 the CVCA’s public key and certificate as well as the current date are written
                       or update by authorized identified role as of FMT_MTD.1/CVCA_INI,
                       FMT_MTD.1/CVCA_UPD and FMT_MTD.1/DATE.


                       OT.Identification (Identification and Authentication of the TOE) addresses the
                       storage of Initialisation and Pre-Personalisation Data in its non-volatile memory, whereby
                       they also include the IC Identification Data uniquely identifying the TOE’s chip. This will
                       be ensured by TSF according to SFR FAU_SAS.1. The SFR FMT_MTD.1/INI_ENA
                       allows only the Manufacturer to write Initialisation and Pre-personalisation Data
                       (including the Personalisation Agent key). The SFR FMT_MTD.1/INI_DIS requires the
                       Personalisation Agent to disable access to Initialisation and Pre-personalisation Data in
                       the life cyclephase ‘operational use’. The SFRs FMT_SMF.1 and FMT_SMR.1/PACE
                       support the functions and roles related.


                       OT.Chip_Auth_Proof (Proof of MRTD’s chip authenticity) is ensured by the Chip
                       Authentication Protocol provided by FIA_API.1/CAP proving the identity of the TOE. The
                       Chip Authentication Protocol defined by FCS_CKM.1/CA is performed using a TOE




                                      All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                         Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                73 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                             ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                       Security Target Lite



                       internally stored confidential private key as required by FMT_MTD.1/CAPK and
                       FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ. The Chip Authentication Protocol [25] requires additional TSF
                       according to FCS_COP.1/SHA (for the derivation of the session keys), FCS_COP.1/ENC
                       and FCS_COP.1/MAC (for the ENC_MAC_Mode secure messaging).


                       OT.Prot_Abuse-Func (Protection against Abuse of Functionality) is ensured by the
                       SFR FMT_LIM.1 and FMT_LIM.2 which prevent misuse of test functionality of the TOE or
                       other features which may not be used after TOE Delivery.


                       OT.Prot_Inf_Leak (Protection against Information Leakage) requires the TOE to
                       protect confidential TSF data stored and/or processed in the MRTD’s chip against
                       disclosure
                           • by measurement and analysis of the shape and amplitude of signals or the time
                             between events found by measuring signals on the electromagnetic field, power
                             consumption, clock, or I/O lines which is addressed by SFR FPT_EMSEC.1,
                           • by forcing a malfunction of the TOE which is addressed by SFR FPT_FLS.1 and
                             FPT_TST.1, and/or
                           • by a physical manipulation of the TOE which is addressed by SFR FPT_PHP.3.


                       OT.Prot_Phys-Tamper (Protection against Physical Tampering) is covered by the
                       SFR FPT_PHP.3.


                       OT.Prot_Malfunction (Protection against Malfunctions) is covered by (i) the SFR
                       FPT_TST.1 which requires self tests to demonstrate the correct operation and tests of
                       authorized users to verify the integrity of TSF data and TSF code, and (ii) the SFR
                       FPT_FLS.1 which requires a secure state in case of detected failure or operating
                       conditions possibly causing a malfunction.


               6.3.3 SFR Dependencies


                           Requirement                      Dependencies
                                                                             Functional Requirements
                           FAU_SAS.1                        No dependencies
                           FCS_CKM.1/CA                     FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC, FCS_COP.1/CA_MAC and FCS_CKM.4
                           FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE                A Diffie-Hellman key agreement is used in order to have no key distribution,
                                                            therefore FCS_CKM.2 makes no sense in this case. FCS_CKM.4
                           FCS_CKM.1/KP                     FCS_COP.1/SIG_GEN, FCS_CKM.4
                           FCS_CKM.4                        FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE, FCS_CKM.1/KP and FCS_CKM.1/CA
                           FCS_COP.1/CA_ENC                 CS_CKM.1/CA and FCS_CKM.4
                           FCS_COP.1/CA_MAC                 CS_CKM.1/CA and FCS_CKM.4
                           FCS_COP.1/SIG_VER                CS_CKM.1/CA and FCS_CKM.4




                                          All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                             Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                74 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                               ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                         Security Target Lite



                           FCS_COP.1/SIG_GEN                  FCS_CKM.1/KP, FCS_CKM.4 and FCS_CKM.1/CA
                           FCS_COP.1/SHA                      The hash algorithm required by the SFR FCS_COP.1/SHA does not need any key
                                                              material. Therefore neither a key generation (FCS_CKM.1) nor an import
                                                              (FDP_ITC.1/2) is necessary., FCS_CKM.4
                           FCS_COP.1/PACE_ENC                 FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE, FCS_CKM.4
                           FCS_COP.1/PACE_MAC                 FCS_CKM.1/DH_PACE, FCS_CKM.4
                           FCS_RND.1                          No dependencies
                           FIA_AFL.1/PACE                     FIA_UAU.1/PACE
                           FIA_UID.1/PACE                     No dependencies
                           FIA_UAU.1/PACE                     FIA_UID.1/PACE
                           FIA_UAU.4/PACE                     No dependencies
                           FIA_UAU.5/PACE                     No dependencies
                           FIA_UAU.6/EAC                      No dependencies
                           FIA_UAU.6/PACE                     No dependencies
                           FIA_API.1/CAP                      No dependencies
                           FIA_API.1/AAP                      No dependencies
                           FDP_ACC.1/TRM                      FDP_ACF.1/TRM
                           FDP_ACF.1/TRM                      FDP_ACC.1/TRM
                           FDP_RIP.1                          No dependencies
                           FDP_UCT.1/TRM                      FTP_ITC.1/PACE and FDP_ACC.1/TRM
                           FDP_UIT.1/TRM                      FTP_ITC.1/PACE and FDP_ACC.1/TRM
                           FMT_SMF.1                          No dependencies
                           FMT_SMR.1/PACE                     FIA_UID.1/PACE
                           FMT_LIM.1                          FMT_LIM.2
                           FTM_LIM.2                          FMT_LIM.1
                           FMT_MTD.1/INI_ENA                  FMT_SMF.1 and FMT_SMR.1/PACE
                           FMT_MTD.1/INI_DIS                  FMT_SMF.1 and FMT_SMR.1/PACE
                           FMT_MTD.1/CVCA_INI                 FMT_SMF.1 and FMT_SMR.1/PACE
                           FMT_MTD.1/CVCA_UPD                 FMT_SMF.1 and FMT_SMR.1/PACE
                           FMT_MTD.1/DATE                     FMT_SMF.1 and FMT_SMR.1/PACE
                           FMT_MTD.1/KEY_WRIT
                                                              FMT_SMF.1 and FMT_SMR.1/PACE
                           E
                           FMT_MTD.1/CAPK                     FMT_SMF.1 and FMT_SMR.1/PACE
                           FMT_MTD.1/AAPK                     FMT_SMF.1 and FMT_SMR.1/PACE
                           FMT_MTD.1/PA                       FMT_SMF.1 and FMT_SMR.1/PACE
                           FMT_MTD.1/KEY_READ                 FMT_SMF.1 and FMT_SMR.1/PACE
                           FMT_MTD.3                          FMT_MTD.1/ CVCA_INI, FMT_MTD.1/ CVCA_UPD
                           FPT_EMSEC.1                        No dependencies
                           FPT_FLS.1                          No dependencies
                           FPT_PHP.3                          No dependencies
                           FPT_TST.1                          No dependencies
                           FTP_ITC.1/PACE                     No dependencies


                       Table 8.        SFR Dependencies




                                            All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                               Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                75 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                          ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite



7. TOE summary specification
                       This set of TSFs manages the identification and/or authentication of the external user
                       and enforces role separation (FMT_SMR.1).

                 7.1 SF.Access Control
                       This function checks that for each operation initiated by a user, the security attributes for
                       user authorization and data communication required are satisfied.

                 7.2 SF.Card Personalization
                       This TSF provides MRTD’s chip personalization functions to allow the Personalization
                       Agent to create and set the initial MRTD’s LDS data.

                 7.3 SF.Personalizer Authentication
                       The Personalization Agent is required to be authenticated by the TOE.

                 7.4 SF.PACE
                       The Basic Access System and the travel document mutually authenticate by means of a
                       Basic Access Control mechanism, where after the PACE-enabled Basic Access System
                       and the travel document mutually authenticate by means of a PACE V2 protocol.

                 7.5 SF.Chip Authentication
                       This TSF provides the Chip Authentication protocol to allow the Extended Inspection
                       System to authenticate the TOE.

                 7.6 SF.Terminal Authentication
                       This TSF provides Terminal Authentication to allow the TOE to authenticate the terminal
                       using the public authentication material that is presented during the Chip Authentication
                       protocol (DH or ECDH), enforcing the Secure Messaging session.

                 7.7 SF.Active Authentication
                       Active Authentication is provided by this TSF based on the availability of DG15 in the
                       MRTD’s chip information data.

                 7.8 SF.Secure Messaging
                       Commands and responses are exchanged between the TOE and the external device.
                       This TSF provides a secure mean for the terminal and the card to exchange data.

                 7.9 SF.Crypto
                       This Security Function is responsible for providing cryptographic support to all the other
                       Security Functions including secure key generation, secure random generator, and data
                       hashing.




                                       All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                76 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                         ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                   Security Target Lite



               7.10 SF.Protection
                       This Security Function is responsible for protection of the TSF data, user data, and TSF
                       functionality.




                                      All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                         Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                77 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                            ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                      Security Target Lite



8. Additional Rationale
                 8.1 SAR Dependencies Rationale
                       The functional and assurance requirements dependencies for the TOE are completely
                       fulfilled.

                  Requirement         Dependencies
                  ADV_ARC.1           ADV_FSP.5, ADV_TDS.4
                  ADV_FSP.5           ADV_TDS.4, ADV_IMP.1
                  ADV_IMP.1           ADV_TDS.4, ALC_TAT.2
                  ADV_INT.2           ADV_IMP.1, ADV_TDS.4, ALC_TAT.2
                  ADV_TDS.4           ADV_FSP.5
                  AGD_OPE.1           ADV_FSP.5
                  AGD_PRE.1           No dependencies
                  ALC_CMC.4           ALC_CMS.5, ALC_DVS.2, ALC_LCD.1
                  ALC_CMS.5           No dependencies
                  ALC_DEL.1           No dependencies
                  ALC_DVS.2           No dependencies
                  ALC_LCD.1           No dependencies
                  ALC_TAT.2           ADV_IMP.1
                  ASE_CCL.1           ASE_ECD.1, ASE_INT.1, ASE_REQ.2
                  ASE_ECD.1           No dependencies
                  ASE_INT.1           No dependencies
                  ASE_OBJ.2           ASE_SPD.1
                  ASE_REQ.2           ASE_ECD.1, ASE_OBJ.2
                  ASE_SPD.1           No dependencies
                  ASE_TSS.1           ADV_FSP.5, ASE_INT.1, ASE_REQ.2
                  ATE_COV.2           ADV_FSP.5, ATE_FUN.1
                  ATE_DPT.3           ADV_ARC.1, ADV_TDS.4, ATE_FUN.1
                  ATE_FUN.1           ATE_COV.2
                  ATE_IND.2           ADV_FSP.5, AGD_OPE.1, AGD_PRE.1, ATE_COV.2, ATE_FUN.1
                                      ADV_ARC.1, ADV_FSP.5, ADV_TDS.4, ADV_IMP.1, AGD_OPE.1,
                  AVA_VAN.5
                                      AGD_PRE.1

                       Table 9.     SAR Dependencies


                 8.2 Rationale for Extensions
                       Extensions are based on the Protection Profile [5] and have all been adopted by the
                       developer of the TOE:
                           • FAU_SAS.1 ‘Audit data storage’
                           • FCS_RND.1 ‘Generation of random numbers’
                           • FIA_API.1 ‘Authentication Proof of Identity’
                           • FPT_EMSEC.1 ‘TOE emanation’




                                         All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                            Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                78 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                           ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                                                Security Target Lite



                           • FMT_LIM.1 and FMT_LIM.2 ‘limited capability and availability’


                 8.3 Assurance Measures Rationale
                       Each assurance requirement is covered by an assurance measure.




                                                                                                                     AM_AGD
                                                                                                       AM_ADV




                                                                                                                              AM_ALC




                                                                                                                                                   AM_AVA
                                                                                                                                       AM_ATE
                                        Assurance Requirements
                                                   /
                                          Assurance Measures
                                                               ADV                                      X
                                                               AGD                                                   X
                                                               ALC                                                            X
                                                                ATE                                                                    X
                                                                AVA                                                                                 X

                       Table 10.    Mapping Assurance Requirements to Assurance Measures

                 8.4 PP Claim Rationale
                       This ST includes all the security objectives and requirements claimed by PPs [5] and [6],
                       and, all of the operations applied to the SFRs are in accordance with the requirements of
                       this PP.
               8.4.1 PP compliancy
                       The TOE type is compliant with the claimed PPs: the TOE is an ICAO MRTD’s chip
                       providing all means of identification and authentication of the TOE itself, the MRTD’s
                       traveler and possibly the Terminal.
                       The TOE is compliant with the representation provided in the ICAO Machine Readable
                       Travel Document Chip with Extended Access Control PP [5] and PACE PP [6].
                       The compliance is strict: the addition of specific TOE security mechanisms to the security
                       principles of this Security Target required only the addition of four TOE Objectives related
                       to Active Authentication.
                       These additions do not affect the concept defined in the PP [5] and this ST is a suitable
                       solution to the generic security problem described in the PP.




                                        All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.                                © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                           Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                                           79 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                              ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                        Security Target Lite



9. Terminology
                           Term                         Definition
                                                        Security mechanism defined in [11] option by which means the
                           Active                       MRTD’s chip proves and the inspection system verifies the identity
                           Authentication               and authenticity of the MRTD’s chip as part of a genuine MRTD
                                                        issued by a known State of Organization.
                                                        Optional informative part of the PP containing sensitive supporting
                           Application note             information that is considered relevant or useful for the
                                                        construction, evaluation, or use of the TOE.
                                                        Write-only-once non-volatile memory area of the MRTDs chip to
                           Audit records
                                                        store the Initialization Data and Pre-personalization Data.
                                                        Ability to confirm the MRTD and its data elements on the MRTD’s
                           Authenticity
                                                        chip were created by the issuing State or Organization.
                                                        Security mechanism defined in [11] by which means the MRTD’s
                           Basic Access                 chip proves and the inspection system protects their
                           Control (BAC)                communication by means of secure messaging with Document
                                                        Basic Access Keys (see there).
                                                        An inspection system which implements the terminals part of the
                           Basic Inspection             Basic Access Control Mechanism and authenticates itself to the
                           System (BIS)                 MRTD’s chip using the Document Basic Access Keys derived from
                                                        the printed MRZ data for reading the logical MRTD.
                                                        The personalized details of the MRTD holder of the document
                           Biographical data            appearing as text in the visual and machine readable zones on the
                           (biodata)                    biographical data page of a passport book or on a travel card or
                                                        visa. [11]
                                                        Data stored for biometric authentication of the MRTD holder in the
                           Biometric
                                                        MRTD’s chip as (i) digital portrait and (ii) optional biometric
                           reference data
                                                        reference data.
                           CAN (Card                    Password derived from a short number printed on the front side of
                           Access Number)               the data-page.
                                                        Hierarchical sequence of Inspection System Certificate (lowest
                                                        level), Document Verifier Certificate and Country Verifying
                                                        Certification Authority Certificates (highest level), where the
                                                        certificate of a lower level is signed with the private key
                           Certificate chain
                                                        corresponding to the public key in the certificate of the next higher
                                                        level. The Country Verifying Certification Authority Certificate is
                                                        signed with the private key corresponding to the public key it
                                                        contains (self-signed certificate).
                                                        An unauthorized copy or reproduction of a genuine security
                           Counterfeit
                                                        document made by whatever means. [11]
                           Country Signing              Certificate of the Country Signing Certification Authority Public Key
                           CA Certificate               (KPuCSCA) issued by Country Signing Certification Authority
                           (CCSCA)                      stored in the inspection system.




                                           All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                              Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                80 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                             ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                       Security Target Lite



                           Term                        Definition
                                                       The country specific root of the PKI of Inspection Systems and
                           Country Verifying           creates the Document Verifier Certificates within this PKI. It
                           Certification               enforces the Privacy policy of the issuing State or Organization in
                           Authority                   respect to the protection of sensitive biometric reference data
                                                       stored in the MRTD.
                                                       The maximum of the effective dates of valid CVCA, DV and
                           Current date                domestic Inspection System certificates known to the TOE. It is
                                                       used the validate card verifiable certificates.
                                                       Certificate of the new public key of the Country Verifying
                                                       Certification Authority signed with the old public key of the Country
                           CVCA link
                                                       Verifying Certification Authority where the certificate effective date
                           Certificate
                                                       for the new key is before the certificate expiration date of the
                                                       certificate for the old key.
                           Document Basic              The [11], normative appendix 5, A5.1 describes the Document
                           Access Key                  Basic Access Key Derivation Algorithm on how terminals may
                           Derivation                  derive the Document Basic Access Keys from the second line of
                           Algorithm                   the printed MRZ data.
                                                       Pair of symmetric (two-key) TDES keys used for secure messaging
                                                       with encryption (key KENC) and message authentication (key
                           Document Basic              KMAC) of data transmitted between the MRTD’s chip and the
                           Access Keys                 inspection system [11]. It is drawn from the printed MRZ of the
                                                       passport book to authenticate an entity able to read the printed
                                                       MRZ of the passport book.
                                                       A RFC3369 CMS Signed Data Structure, signed by the Document
                           Document
                                                       Signer (DS). Carries the hash values of the LDS Data Groups. It is
                           Security Object
                                                       stored in the MRTD’s chip. It may carry the Document Signer
                           (SOD)
                                                       Certificate (CDS). [11]
                                                       Certification authority creating the Inspection System Certificates
                                                       and managing the authorization of the Extended Inspection
                           Document Verifier
                                                       Systems for the sensitive data of the MRTD in the limits provided
                                                       by the issuing States or Organizations.
                                                       A threat agent with Enhanced-Basic attack potential reading the
                           Eavesdropper                communication between the MRTD’s chip and the inspection
                                                       system to gain the data on the MRTD’s chip.
                                                       The process of collecting biometric samples from a person and the
                           Enrolment                   subsequent preparation and storage of biometric reference
                                                       templates representing that person's identity. [11]
                                                       Security mechanism identified in [11] by which means the MRTD’s
                                                       chip (i) verifies the authentication of the inspection systems
                                                       authorized to read the optional biometric reference data, (ii)
                                                       controls the access to the optional biometric reference data and (iii)
                           Extended Access             protects the confidentiality and integrity of the optional biometric
                           Control                     reference data during their transmission to the inspection system
                                                       by secure messaging. The Personalization Agent may use the
                                                       same mechanism to authenticate itself with Personalization Agent
                                                       Private Key and to get write and read access to the logical MRTD
                                                       and TSF data.




                                          All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                             Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                81 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                               ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                         Security Target Lite



                           Term                          Definition
                                                         A General Inspection System which (i) implements the Chip
                           Extended                      Authentication Mechanism, (ii) implements the Terminal
                           Inspection                    Authentication Protocol and (iii) is authorized by the issuing State
                           System                        or Organization through the Document Verifier of the receiving
                                                         State to read the sensitive biometric reference data.
                                                         A role of a terminal as part of an inspection system which is in
                           Extended                      addition to Basic Inspection System authorized by the issuing State
                           Inspection                    or Organization to read the optional biometric reference data and
                           System (EIS)                  supports the terminals part of the Extended Access Control
                                                         Authentication Mechanism.
                                                         Fraudulent alteration of any part of the genuine document, e.g.
                           Forgery
                                                         changes to the biographical data or the portrait. [11]
                           General
                                                         A Basic Inspection System which implements sensitively the Chip
                           Inspection
                                                         Authentication Mechanism.
                           System
                                                         The capability of inspection systems (either manual or automated)
                                                         in different States throughout the world to exchange data, to
                                                         process data received from systems in other States, and to utilize
                           Global
                                                         that data in inspection operations in their respective States. Global
                           Interoperability
                                                         interoperability is a major objective of the standardized
                                                         specifications for placement of both eye-readable and machine
                                                         readable data in all MRTDs. [11]
                                                         That part of the IC Dedicated Software (refer to above) which
                           IC Dedicated
                                                         provides functions after TOE Delivery. The usage of parts of the IC
                           Support Software
                                                         Dedicated Software might be restricted to certain phases.
                                                         That part of the IC Dedicated Software (refer to above) which is
                           IC Dedicated Test
                                                         used to test the TOE before TOE Delivery but which does not
                           Software
                                                         provide any functionality thereafter.
                                                         The IC manufacturer writes a unique IC identifier to the chip to
                           IC Identification
                                                         control the IC as MRTD material during the IC manufacturing and
                           Data
                                                         the delivery process to the MRTD manufacturer.
                                                         A person who applies for and obtains a document by assuming a
                                                         false name and identity, or a person who alters his or her physical
                           Impostor
                                                         appearance to represent himself or herself as another person for
                                                         the purpose of using that person’s document. [11]
                                                         A person who travels, or attempts to travel with: (a) an expired
                           Improperly
                                                         travel document or an invalid visa; (b) a counterfeit, forged or
                           documented
                                                         altered travel document or visa; (c) someone else’s travel
                           person
                                                         document or visa; or (d) no travel document or visa, if required. [11]
                                                         Process of writing Initialization Data (see below) to the TOE (cf.
                           Initialization
                                                         1.3.8.2 TOE lifecycle phase 2 step 3).
                                                         Any data defined by the TOE Manufacturer and injected into the
                                                         non-volatile memory by the Integrated Circuits manufacturer
                           Initialization Data
                                                         (Phase 2). These data are for instance used for traceability and for
                                                         IC identification as MRTD’s material (IC identification data).
                                                         The act of a State examining an MRTD presented to it by a traveler
                           Inspection
                                                         (the MRTD holder) and verifying its authenticity. [11]




                                            All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                               Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                82 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                               ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                         Security Target Lite



                           Term                          Definition
                                                         A technical system used by the border control officer of the
                           Inspection system             receiving State (i) examining an MRTD presented by the traveler
                           (IS)                          and verifying its authenticity and (ii) verifying the traveler as MRTD
                                                         holder.
                           Integrated circuit            Electronic component(s) designed to perform processing and/or
                           (IC)                          memory functions. The MRTD’s chip is an integrated circuit.
                                                         Ability to confirm the MRTD and its data elements on the MRTD’s
                           Integrity                     chip have not been altered from that created by the issuing State
                                                         or Organization.
                           Issuing                       Organization authorized to issue an official travel document (e.g.
                           Organization                  the United Nations Organization, issuer of the Laissez-passer). [11]
                           Issuing State                 The Country issuing the MRTD. [11]
                                                         The collection of groupings of Data Elements stored in the optional
                           Logical Data
                                                         capacity expansion technology [11]. The capacity expansion
                           Structure (LDS)
                                                         technology used is the MRTD’s chip.
                                                         Data of the MRTD holder stored according to the Logical Data
                                                         Structure [11] as specified by ICAO on the contactless integrated
                                                         circuit. It presents contactless readable data including (but not
                                                         limited to):
                                                          (1) personal data of the MRTD holder,
                                                          (2) the digital Machine Readable Zone Data (digital MRZ data,
                           Logical MRTD                       EF.DG1),
                                                          (3) the digitized portraits (EF.DG2),
                                                          (4) the biometric reference data of finger(s) (EF.DG3) or iris
                                                              image(s) (EF.DG4) or both and
                                                          (5) the other data according to LDS (EF.DG5 to EF.DG16)
                                                              EF.COM and EF.SOD
                                                         Data stored according to the Logical Data Structure as specified by
                                                         ICAO in the contactless integrated circuit including (but not limited
                           Logical travel                to)
                           document                       (1) data contained in the machine-readable zone (mandatory),
                                                          (2) digitized photographic image (mandatory) and
                                                          (3) fingerprint image(s) and/or iris image(s) (optional).

                                                         Official document issued by a State or Organization which is used
                                                         by the holder for international travel (e.g. passport, visa, official
                           Machine readable
                                                         document of identity) and which contains mandatory visual (eye
                           travel document
                                                         readable) data and a separate mandatory data summary, intended
                           (MRTD)
                                                         for global use, reflecting essential data elements capable of being
                                                         machine read. [11]
                                                         A visa or, where appropriate, an entry clearance (hereinafter
                                                         collectively referred to as visas) conforming to the specifications
                                                         contained herein, formulated to improve facilitation and enhance
                           Machine readable
                                                         security for the visa holder. Contains mandatory visual (eye
                           visa (MRV)
                                                         readable) data and a separate mandatory data summary capable
                                                         of being machine read. The MRV is normally a label which is
                                                         attached to a visa page in a passport. [11]




                                            All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                               Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                83 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                               ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                         Security Target Lite



                           Term                          Definition
                                                         Fixed dimensional area located on the front of the MRTD or MRP
                           Machine readable              Data Page or, in the case of the TD1, the back of the MRTD,
                           zone (MRZ)                    containing mandatory and optional data for machine reading using
                                                         OCR methods. [11]
                           Machine-                      A unique physical personal identification feature (e.g. an iris
                           verifiable                    pattern, fingerprint or facial characteristics) stored on a travel
                           biometrics feature            document in a form that can be read and verified by machine. [11]
                                                         Non-executable data defining the functionality of the operating
                                                         system on the IC as the MRTD’s chip. It includes the file structure
                                                         implementing the LDS [11], the definition of the User Data, but does
                           MRTD application              not include the User Data itself (i.e. content of EF.DG1 to EF.DG13,
                                                         EF.DG16, EF.COM and EF.SOD) and the TSF Data including the
                                                         definition the authentication data but except the authentication data
                                                         itself.
                                                         Mutual authentication protocol followed by secure messaging
                           MRTD Basic                    between the inspection system and the MRTD’s chip based on
                           Access Control                MRZ information as key seed and access condition to data stored
                                                         on MRTD’s chip according to LDS.
                                                         The rightful holder of the MRTD for whom the issuing State or
                           MRTD holder
                                                         Organization personalized the MRTD.
                                                         A contactless integrated circuit chip complying with ISO/IEC 14443
                           MRTD’s Chip                   and programmed according to the Logical Data Structure as
                                                         specified by ICAO.
                                                         Software embedded in a MRTD’s chip and not being developed by
                           MRTD’s chip
                                                         the IC Designer. The MRTD’s chip Embedded Software is designed
                           Embedded
                                                         in Phase 1 and embedded into the MRTD’s chip in Phase 2 of the
                           Software
                                                         TOE life-cycle.
                                                         Data stored for biometric authentication of the MRTD holder in the
                           Optional                      MRTD’s chip as (i) encoded finger image(s) (EF.DG3) or (ii)
                           biometric                     encoded iris image(s) (EF.DG4) or (iii) both. Note, that the
                           reference data                European commission decided to use only fingerprint and not to
                                                         use iris images as optional biometric reference data.
                                                         A communication establishment protocol defined in [3]. The PACE
                                                         Protocol is a password authenticated Diffie-Hellman key
                           Password                      agreement        protocol    providing    implicit   password-based
                           Authenticated                 authentication of the communication partners (e.g. smart card and
                           Connection                    the terminal connected): i.e. PACE provides a verification, whether
                           Establishment                 the communication partners share the same value of a password
                           (PACE)                        π). Based on this authentication, PACE also provides a secure
                                                         communication, whereby confidentiality and authenticity of data
                                                         transferred within this communication channel are maintained.
                           PACE password                 A password needed for PACE authentication, e.g. CAN or MRZ.
                                                         (i) verification of the digital signature of the Document Security
                           Passive                       Object and
                           authentication                (ii) comparing the hash values of the read LDS data fields with the
                                                         hash values contained in the Document Security Object




                                            All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                               Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                84 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                            ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                      Security Target Lite



                           Term                       Definition
                                                      The process by which the portrait, signature and biographical data
                                                      are applied to the document. This may also include the optional
                           Personalization
                                                      biometric data collected during the “Enrolment” (cf. 1.3.8.3, TOE
                                                      lifecycle phase 3 step 6).
                                                      The agent acting on the behalf of the issuing State or Organization
                                                      to personalize the MRTD for the holder by (i) establishing the
                                                      identity the holder for the biographic data in the MRTD, (ii) enrolling
                           Personalization
                                                      the biometric reference data of the MRTD holder i.e. the portrait,
                           Agent
                                                      the encoded finger image(s) or (ii) the encoded iris image(s) and
                                                      (iii) writing these data on the physical and logical MRTD for the
                                                      holder.
                           Personalization
                           Agent                      TSF data used for authentication proof and verification of the
                           Authentication             Personalization Agent.
                           Information
                                                      Symmetric cryptographic authentication key used (i) by the
                           Personalization            Personalization Agent to prove his identity and to get access to the
                           Agent Key                  logical MRTD and (ii) by the MRTD’s chip to verify the
                                                      authentication attempt of a terminal as Personalization Agent.
                                                      Travel document in form of paper, plastic and chip using secure
                                                      printing to present data including (but not limited to)
                           Physical travel            (1) biographical data,
                           Document
                                                      (2) data of the machine-readable zone,
                                                      (3) photographic image and other data
                                                      Process of writing Pre-Personalization Data (see below) to the TOE
                           Pre-
                                                      including the creation of the MRTD Application (cf. 1.3.8.2, TOE
                           Personalization
                                                      lifecycle phase 2 step 5)
                                                      Any data that is injected into the non-volatile memory of the TOE
                           Pre-                       by the MRTD Manufacturer (Phase 2) for traceability of non-
                           personalization            personalized MRTD’s and/or to secure shipment within or between
                           Data                       lifecycle phases 2 and 3. It contains (but is not limited to) the Active
                                                      Authentication Key Pair and the Personalization Agent Key Pair.
                           Pre-personalized           MRTD’s chip equipped with a unique identifier and a unique
                           MRTD’s chip                asymmetric Active Authentication Key Pair of the chip.
                           Receiving State            The Country to which the Traveler is applying for entry. [11]
                                                      Data enrolled for a known identity and used by the verifier to check
                           Reference data             the verification data provided by an entity to prove this identity in
                                                      an authentication attempt.
                                                      A repeat image of the holder’s portrait reproduced elsewhere in the
                           Secondary image
                                                      document by whatever means. [11]
                                                      Secure messaging using encryption and message authentication
                           Secure                     code according to ISO/IEC 7816-4 Skimming Imitation of the
                           messaging in               inspection system to read the logical MRTD or parts of it via the
                           encrypted mode             contactless communication channel of the TOE without knowledge
                                                      of the printed MRZ data.




                                         All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                            Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                85 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                              ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                        Security Target Lite



                           Term                         Definition
                                                        Intersection of the Certificate Holder Authorizations defined by the
                           Terminal                     Inspection System Certificate, the Document Verifier Certificate
                           Authorization                and Country Verifying Certification Authority which shall be all valid
                                                        for the Current Date.
                                                        A passport or other official document of identity issued by a State
                           Travel document              or Organization which may be used by the rightful holder for
                                                        international travel.
                                                        Person presenting the MRTD to the inspection system and claiming
                           Traveler
                                                        the identity of the MRTD holder.
                                                        Data created by and for the TOE that might affect the operation of
                           TSF data
                                                        the TOE.
                                                        The MRTD that contains the MRTD Chip holding only Initialization
                           Un-personalized
                                                        Data and Pre-personalization Data as delivered to the
                           MRTD
                                                        Personalization Agent from the Manufacturer.
                                                        Data created by and for the user that does not affect the operation
                           User data
                                                        of the TSF.
                                                        The process of comparing a submitted biometric sample against
                                                        the biometric reference template of a single enrollee whose identity
                           Verification
                                                        is being claimed, to determine whether it matches the enrollee’s
                                                        template. [11]
                                                        Data provided by an entity in an authentication attempt to prove
                                                        their identity to the verifier. The verifier checks whether the
                           Verification data
                                                        verification data match the reference data known for the claimed
                                                        identity.




                                           All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                              Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                86 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                          ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite



10. References
                       [1]   Common Criteria for Information Technology Security Evaluation, Part 1:
                             Introduction and general model, Version 3.1, Revision 5, CCMB-2017-04-001, April
                             2017.
                       [2]   Common Criteria for Information Technology Security Evaluation, Part 2: Security
                             functional components, Version 3.1, Revision 5, CCMB-2017-04-002, April 2017.
                       [3]   Common Criteria for Information Technology Security Evaluation, Part 3: Security
                             assurance components, Version 3.1, Revision 5, CCMB-2017-04-003, April 2017.
                       [4]   BSI-CC-PP0055 – Protection Profile - Machine Readable Travel Document with
                             “ICAO Application”, Basic Access Control – EAL 4+ – Version: 1.10, 25th March
                             2009
                       [5]   BSI-CC-PP-0056-V2-2012 – Protection Profile - Machine Readable Travel
                             Document with „ICAO Application”, Extended Access Control with PACE (EAC PP)
                             – EAL 4+ – Version: 1.3.2, 05th December 2012
                       [6]   BSI-CC-PP0068-V2-2011-MA-01 – Protection Profile — Machine Readable Travel
                             Document using Standard Inspection Procedure with PACE (PACE PP) – EAL 4+ –
                             Version: 1.01, 22nd July 2014
                       [7]   PKCS#1: RSA Cryptography Standard, Version 1.5
                       [8]   Specifications for the Java Card 3 Platform, Version 3.0.4 Classic Edition, Sept.
                             2011
                             - Virtual Machine Specification [JCVM]
                             - Application Programming Interface [JCAPI]
                             - Runtime Environment Specification [JCRE]
                       [9]   - GlobalPlatform, Card Specification, Version 2.2.1, Jan. 2011 [GPC_SPE_034]
                             - GlobalPlatform Card ID Configuration, Version 1.0, Dec. 2011 [GPC_GUI_039]
                             - Confidential Card Content Management – Amendment A, v1.0.1, Jan 2011
                             - Secure Channel Protocol 03 – Amendment D, v1.1, Sept. 2009
                       [10] CCDB-2007-09-001 – Composite product evaluation for Smart Cards and similar
                            devices – Version: 1.0, revision 1, September 2007
                       [11] ICAO Doc 9303, Machine Readable Travel Documents, part 1 – Machine Readable
                            Passports, Sixth Edition, 2006, International Civil Aviation Organization
                       [12] TR-03110, Technical Guideline Advanced Security Mechanisms for Machine
                            Readable Travel Documents – Extended Access Control (EAC), Version 1.11, BSI
                       [13] ICAO: Supplement to doc 9303 – Release 11 – November 17, 2011
                       [14] ICAO: Technical report supplemental access control for machine readable travel
                            documents – Version 1.01 – November 11, 2010
                       [15] Technical Guideline TR-03110-3, Advanced Security Mechanisms for Machine
                            Readable Travel Documents – Part 3 – Common Specifications, Version 2.10, 20.
                            March 2012
                       [16] ISO/IEC 15946: Information technology — Security techniques — Cryptographic
                            techniques based on elliptic curves — Part 3: Key establishment, 2002




                                       All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                          Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                87 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                         ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                   Security Target Lite



                       [17] ISO/IEC 9796-2: Information technology — Security techniques — Signature
                            Schemes giving message recovery — Part 2: Integer factorization based
                            mechanisms, 2002
                       [18] PKCS #3: Diffie-Hellman Key-Agreement Standard, An RSA Laboratories
                            Technical Note, Version 1.4, Revised November 1, 1993
                       [19] Technical Guideline: Elliptic Curve Cryptography according to ISO 15946.TR-ECC,
                            BSI 2006.
                       [20] FIPS PUB 180-2, FIPS Publication – Secure hash standard (+ Change Notice to
                            include SHA-224), 2002, NIST
                       [21] FIPS PUB 46-3, FIPS Publication – Data Encryption Standard (DES), Reaffirmed
                            1999 October 25, U.S. Department of Commerce/NIST
                       [22] IEEE 1363-2000 – IEEE Standard Specification for Public-Key Cryptography
                       [23] ISO/IEC 9797-1:1999, Information technology - Security techniques - Message
                            Authentication Codes (MACs) - Part 1: Mechanisms using a block cipher, 1999
                       [24] NIST. Specification for the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), FIPS PUB 197-
                            2001
                       [25] NIST. Recommendation for Block Cipher Modes of Operation: The CMAC mode for
                            authentication, special publication 800-38B-2005
                       [26] NXP Secure Smart Card Controller N7121 with IC Dedicated Software and Crypto
                            Library, Security Target, NXP Semiconductors, Rev. 1.5, 31 May 2019, BSI-DSZ-
                            CC-1040
                       [27] JCOP 4 P71 Security Target for JCOP 4 P71 / SE050, NXP Semiconductors, Rev.
                            3.4, 2019-06-06, NSCIB-CC-180212
                       [28] ChipDoc 3.0, User Guide Manual, Revision 2.5, Date: 07 October 2019
                       [29] ChipDoc 3.0, ICAO Personalization Guide, Revision: 2.5, Date: 20 August 2019
                       [30] ANSI X9.62-2005: Public Key Cryptography for the Financial Services Industry: the
                            Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (ECDSA), American National Standards
                            Institute (ANSI), 2005.




                                      All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                         Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                88 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                            ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite



11. Legal information
                                                                                                  NXP Semiconductors does not accept any liability related to any default,
11.1 Definitions                                                                                  damage, costs or problem which is based on any weakness or default in the
Draft — The document is a draft version only. The content is still under                          customer’s applications or products, or the application or use by customer’s
internal review and subject to formal approval, which may result in                               third party customer(s). Customer is responsible for doing all necessary
modifications or additions. NXP Semiconductors does not give any                                  testing for the customer’s applications and products using NXP
representations or warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of                               Semiconductors products in order to avoid a default of the applications and
information included herein and shall have no liability for the consequences                      the products or of the application or use by customer’s third party
of use of such information.                                                                       customer(s). NXP does not accept any liability in this respect.
                                                                                                  Export control — This document as well as the item(s) described herein
                                                                                                  may be subject to export control regulations. Export might require a prior
11.2 Disclaimers                                                                                  authorization from competent authorities.
Limited warranty and liability — Information in this document is believed to                      Evaluation products — This product is provided on an “as is” and “with all
be accurate and reliable. However, NXP Semiconductors does not give any                           faults” basis for evaluation purposes only. NXP Semiconductors, its affiliates
representations or warranties, expressed or implied, as to the accuracy or                        and their suppliers expressly disclaim all warranties, whether express,
completeness of such information and shall have no liability for the                              implied or statutory, including but not limited to the implied warranties of non-
consequences of use of such information.                                                          infringement, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The entire
In no event shall NXP Semiconductors be liable for any indirect, incidental,                      risk as to the quality, or arising out of the use or performance, of this product
punitive, special or consequential damages (including - without limitation -                      remains with customer.
lost profits, lost savings, business interruption, costs related to the removal                   In no event shall NXP Semiconductors, its affiliates or their suppliers be
or replacement of any products or rework charges) whether or not such                             liable to customer for any special, indirect, consequential, punitive or
damages are based on tort (including negligence), warranty, breach of                             incidental damages (including without limitation damages for loss of
contract or any other legal theory.                                                               business, business interruption, loss of use, loss of data or information, and
Notwithstanding any damages that customer might incur for any reason                              the like) arising out the use of or inability to use the product, whether or not
whatsoever, NXP Semiconductors’ aggregate and cumulative liability                                based on tort (including negligence), strict liability, breach of contract, breach
towards customer for the products described herein shall be limited in                            of warranty or any other theory, even if advised of the possibility of such
accordance with the Terms and conditions of commercial sale of NXP                                damages.
Semiconductors.                                                                                   Notwithstanding any damages that customer might incur for any reason
Right to make changes — NXP Semiconductors reserves the right to make                             whatsoever (including without limitation, all damages referenced above and
changes to information published in this document, including without                              all direct or general damages), the entire liability of NXP Semiconductors, its
limitation specifications and product descriptions, at any time and without                       affiliates and their suppliers and customer’s exclusive remedy for all of the
notice. This document supersedes and replaces all information supplied prior                      foregoing shall be limited to actual damages incurred by customer based on
to the publication hereof.                                                                        reasonable reliance up to the greater of the amount actually paid by
                                                                                                  customer for the product or five dollars (US$5.00). The foregoing limitations,
Suitability for use — NXP Semiconductors products are not designed,
                                                                                                  exclusions and disclaimers shall apply to the maximum extent permitted by
authorized or warranted to be suitable for use in life support, life-critical or
                                                                                                  applicable law, even if any remedy fails of its essential purpose.
safety-critical systems or equipment, nor in applications where failure or
malfunction of an NXP Semiconductors product can reasonably be expected
to result in personal injury, death or severe property or environmental                           11.3 Licenses
damage. NXP Semiconductors accepts no liability for inclusion and/or use of
NXP Semiconductors products in such equipment or applications and                                   ICs with DPA Countermeasures functionality
therefore such inclusion and/or use is at the customer’s own risk.
Applications — Applications that are described herein for any of these                                                                   NXP ICs containing functionality
products are for illustrative purposes only. NXP Semiconductors makes no                                                                 implementing countermeasures to
representation or warranty that such applications will be suitable for the                                                               Differential Power Analysis and Simple
specified use without further testing or modification.                                                                                   Power Analysis are produced and sold
                                                                                                                                         under applicable license from
Customers are responsible for the design and operation of their applications                                                             Cryptography Research, Inc.
and products using NXP Semiconductors products, and NXP
Semiconductors accepts no liability for any assistance with applications or
customer product design. It is customer’s sole responsibility to determine
whether the NXP Semiconductors product is suitable and fit for the                                11.4 Trademarks
customer’s applications and products planned, as well as for the planned
                                                                                                  Notice: All referenced brands, product names, service names and
application and use of customer’s third party customer(s). Customers should
                                                                                                  trademarks are property of their respective owners.
provide appropriate design and operating safeguards to minimize the risks
associated with their applications and products.




                                                         All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.                    © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                                            Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                               89 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                       ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                                 Security Target Lite




12. List of figures

Fig 1.    Components of the TOE ................................... 3
Fig 2.    TOE Life Cycle ................................................ 11




                                                    All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                                       Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                90 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                          ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                                    Security Target Lite




13. List of tables

Table 1.  ST Reference and TOE Reference ................... 3
Table 2.  Reference to Certified Micro Controller with IC
          Dedicated Software and Crypto Library ............ 8
Table 3. Reference to certified Platform.......................... 9
Table 4. Delivery Items ................................................. 13
Table 5. Security Environment to Security Objectives
          Mapping .......................................................... 31
Table 6. Assurance Requirements: EAL5 augmented .. 66
Table 7. Functional Requirement to TOE Security
          Objective Mapping .......................................... 69
Table 8. SFR Dependencies ......................................... 75
Table 9. SAR Dependencies......................................... 78
Table 10. Mapping Assurance Requirements to Assurance
          Measures ........................................................ 79




                                                       All information provided in this document is subject to legal disclaimers.     © NXP B.V. 2020. All rights reserved.

Evaluation documentation                                          Rev. 1.0 — 12 February 2020                                                                91 of 93
PUBLIC
NXP Semiconductors                                                     ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                                        Security Target Lite




14. Contents

1.     ST Introduction (ASE_INT) ................................. 3               4.          Security Objectives ...........................................25
1.1     ST Reference and TOE Reference .................... 3                      4.1          SOs for the TOE ...............................................25
1.2     TOE Overview .................................................... 3        4.2          Objective on the Environment ..........................28
1.2.1   TOE Usage and Security Features for                                        4.3          Security objectives rationale .............................31
        Operational Use ................................................. 4        4.3.1        Security Objectives Coverage ..........................31
1.3     TOE Description ................................................. 5        4.3.2        Security Objectives Sufficiency ........................32
1.3.1   General .............................................................. 5   5.          Extended Components Definition ....................35
1.3.2   MRTD’s Chip ...................................................... 5       5.1          Audit data storage (FAU_SAS).........................35
1.3.3   Basic Access Control ......................................... 6           5.2          Generation of random numbers (FCS_RND) ...36
1.3.4   PACE ................................................................. 7   5.3          Authentication Proof of Identity (FIA_API) ........37
1.3.5   Extended Access Control ................................... 7              5.4          Limited capabilities and availability (FMT_LIM) 38
1.3.6   Active Authentication .......................................... 8         5.5          TOE emanation (FPT_EMSEC.1) ....................40
1.3.7   TOE Components and Composite Certification.. 8
                                                                                   6.          Security Requirements......................................41
        Micro Controller .................................................. 8
        Security IC Dedicated IC Software ..................... 9                  6.1          TOE Security Functional Requirements ...........45
        Security IC Embedded Software ........................ 9                   6.1.1        Security Audit (FAU) .........................................45
1.3.8   TOE Lifecycle ................................................... 10                    Audit Storage (FAU_SAS.1) .............................45
        Phase 1 “Development” ................................... 10               6.1.2        Cryptographic support (FCS)............................45
        Phase 2 “Manufacturing” .................................. 10                           Cryptographic key generation (FCS_CKM.1) ...46
        Phase 3 “Personalization of the MRTD” ........... 12                                    Cryptographic key destruction (FCS_CKM.4) ...47
        Phase 4 “Operational Use” ............................... 12                            Cryptographic operation (FCS_COP.1) ............47
1.3.9   TOE Identification............................................. 13                      Random Number Generation (FCS_RND.1) ....48
        TOE Delivery .................................................... 13       6.1.3        Identification and authentication (FIA) ..............49
        Identification of the TOE ................................... 13                        Authentication Failure Handling (FIA_AFL.1) ...49
1.3.10  Evaluated Package Types................................ 13                              Timing of identification (FIA_UID.1) ..................50
                                                                                                Timing of authentication (FIA_UAU.1) ..............51
2.     Conformance Claims ........................................ 14
                                                                                                Single-use authentication mechanisms
2.1     CC Conformance Claim ................................... 14                             (FIA_UAU.4) .....................................................51
2.2     Package Claim ................................................. 14                      Multiple authentication mechanisms
2.3     PP Claim .......................................................... 14                  (FIA_UAU.5) .....................................................53
3.     Security Problem Definition ............................. 16                             Re-authenticating (FIA_UAU.6) ........................54
3.1     Assets .............................................................. 16                Authentication Proof of Identity (FIA_API.1) .....54
3.2     Subjects ........................................................... 17    6.1.4        User data protection (FDP)...............................55
3.3     Assumptions..................................................... 19                     Subset access control (FDP_ACC.1) ...............55
3.4     Threat agent ..................................................... 20                   Security attribute based access control
3.5     Threats ............................................................. 20                (FDP_ACF.1)....................................................55
3.6     Organisational Security Policies ....................... 22                             Residual Information Protection (FDP_RIP.1) ..57




                                                                                   Please be aware that important notices concerning this document and the product(s)
                                                                                   described herein, have been included in the section 'Legal information'.




                                                                                   © NXP B.V. 2020.                                              All rights reserved.
                                                                                   For more information, visit: http://www.nxp.com
                                                                                   For sales office addresses, please send an email to: salesaddresses@nxp.com

                                                                                                                                       Date of release: 12 February 2020
                                                                                                                                                    Document identifier:
NXP Semiconductors                                                    ChipDoc v3 ICAO EAC with PACE on JCOP 4 P71
                                                                                                                                       Security Target Lite


         Basic data exchange confidentiality                                      8.3           Assurance Measures Rationale........................79
         (FDP_UCT.1) ................................................... 57       8.4           PP Claim Rationale ..........................................79
         Data exchange integrity (FDP_UIT.1) .............. 57                    8.4.1         PP compliancy..................................................79
         Specifications of Management Functions                                   9.          Terminology .......................................................80
         (FMT_SMF.1) ................................................... 57       10.         References .........................................................87
         Security roles (FMT_SMR.1) ............................ 58
                                                                                  11.         Legal information ..............................................89
6.1.5    Security management (FMT)............................ 58
         Limited capabilities (FMT_LIM.1) ..................... 58                11.1          Definitions.........................................................89
         Limited availability (FMT_LIM.2) ...................... 59               11.2          Disclaimers .......................................................89
         Management of TSF data (FMT_MTD.1) ......... 59                          11.3          Licenses ...........................................................89
         Secure TSF data (FMT_MTD.3)....................... 62                    11.4          Trademarks ......................................................89
6.1.6    Protection of the TSF (FPT) ............................. 63             12.         List of figures .....................................................90
         TOE Emanation (FPT_EMSEC.1) .................... 63                      13.         List of tables ......................................................91
         Failure with preservation of secure state                                14.         Contents .............................................................92
         (FPT_FLS.1) .................................................... 64
         Resistance to physical attack (FPT_PHP.3)..... 64
         TSF testing (FPT_TST.1) ................................. 64
         Inter-TSF trusted channel (FTP_ITC.1) ............ 64
6.2      TOE Security Assurance Requirements ........... 66
6.2.1    SARs Measures ............................................... 66
6.2.2    SARs Rationale ................................................ 67
6.3      Security Requirements Rationale ..................... 68
6.3.1    Security Requirement Coverage ...................... 68
6.3.2    Security Requirements Sufficiency................... 69
         TOE Security Requirements Sufficiency .......... 69
6.3.3    SFR Dependencies .......................................... 74
7.      TOE summary specification ............................. 76
7.1      SF.Access Control ........................................... 76
7.2      SF.Card Personalization .................................. 76
7.3      SF.Personalizer Authentication ........................ 76
7.4      SF.PACE .......................................................... 76
7.5      SF.Chip Authentication .................................... 76
7.6      SF.Terminal Authentication .............................. 76
7.7      SF.Active Authentication .................................. 76
7.8      SF.Secure Messaging ...................................... 76
7.9      SF.Crypto ......................................................... 76
7.10     SF.Protection ................................................... 77
8.      Additional Rationale .......................................... 78
8.1      SAR Dependencies Rationale .......................... 78
8.2      Rationale for Extensions .................................. 78




                                                                                  Please be aware that important notices concerning this document and the product(s)
                                                                                  described herein, have been included in the section 'Legal information'.




                                                                                  © NXP B.V. 2020.                                              All rights reserved.
                                                                                  For more information, visit: http://www.nxp.com
                                                                                  For sales office addresses, please send an email to: salesaddresses@nxp.com

                                                                                                                                      Date of release: 12 February 2020
                                                                                                                                                   Document identifier:
