                                                                                                 TÜV Rheinland Nederland B.V.




                                                                                                                                                          Certification Report
Version 2019-1




                                                                                                                    CombICAO Applet in EAC configuration on ID-ONE Cosmo
                                                                                                                                        V9 Essential



                                                                                                                  Sponsor and developer:           IDEMIA
                                                                                                                                                   2 Place Samuel de Champlain,
                                                                                                                                                   92400 Courbevoie,
                                                                                                                                                   France


                                                                                                                  Evaluation facility:             Brightsight
                                                                                                                                                   Brassersplein 2
                                                                                                                                                   2612 CT Delft
                                                                                                                                                   The Netherlands


                                                                                                                  Report number:                   NSCIB-CC-200689-CR

                                                                                                                  Report version:                  1

                                                                                                                  Project number:                  200689

                                                                                                                  Author(s):                       Denise Cater
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.




                                                                                                                  Date:                            07 January 2020

                                                                                                                  Number of pages:                 13

                                                                                                                  Number of appendices:            0




                                                                                                                  Reproduction of this report is authorized provided the report is reproduced in its entirety.




                                                                                                 Headoffice:                        Location Leek:                   info@nl.tuv.com                   TÜV Rheinland Nederland B.V. is a
                                                                                                 Westervoortsedijk 73               Eiberkamp 10                     www.tuv.com/nl                    registered company at the Dutch
                                                                                                 NL-6827 AV Arnhem                  NL-9351 VT Leek                                                    Chamber of Commerce under
                                                                                                                                                                     Tel. +31 (0)88 888 7 888          number 27288788
                                                                                                 P.O. Box 2220                      P.O. Box 37                      Fax +31 (0)88 888 7 879
                                                                                                 NL-6802 CE Arnhem                  NL-9350 AA Leek                                                    VAT number: NL815820380B01
                                                                                                 The Netherlands                    The Netherlands                                                    IBAN: NL61DEUT0265155096
                                                                                                 Page: 3/13 of report number: NSCIB-CC-200689-CR, dated 07 January 2020




                                                                                                 CONTENTS:

                                                                                                 Foreword                                                                  4

                                                                                                 Recognition of the certificate                                            5
                                                                                                 International recognition                                                 5
                                                                                                 European recognition                                                      5
                                                                                                 eIDAS-Regulation                                                          5

                                                                                                 1 Executive Summary                                                       6

                                                                                                 2 Certification Results                                                   7
                                                                                                 2.1      Identification of Target of Evaluation                           7
                                                                                                 2.2      Security Policy                                                  7
                                                                                                 2.3      Assumptions and Clarification of Scope                           8
                                                                                                 2.4      Architectural Information                                        8
                                                                                                 2.5      Documentation                                                    9
                                                                                                 2.6      IT Product Testing                                               9
                                                                                                 2.7      Evaluated Configuration                                         10
                                                                                                 2.8      Results of the Evaluation                                       10
                                                                                                 2.9      Comments/Recommendations                                        10

                                                                                                 3 Security Target                                                        12

                                                                                                 4 Definitions                                                            12

                                                                                                 5 Bibliography                                                           13
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.
                                                                                                 Page: 4/13 of report number: NSCIB-CC-200689-CR, dated 07 January 2020




                                                                                                 Foreword
                                                                                                 The Netherlands Scheme for Certification in the Area of IT Security (NSCIB) provides a third-party
                                                                                                 evaluation and certification service for determining the trustworthiness of Information Technology (IT)
                                                                                                 security products. Under this NSCIB, TÜV Rheinland Nederland B.V. has the task of issuing
                                                                                                 certificates for IT security products, as well as for protection profiles and sites.
                                                                                                 Part of the procedure is the technical examination (evaluation) of the product, protection profile or site
                                                                                                 according to the Common Criteria assessment guidelines published by the NSCIB. Evaluations are
                                                                                                 performed by an IT Security Evaluation Facility (ITSEF) under the oversight of the NSCIB Certification
                                                                                                 Body, which is operated by TÜV Rheinland Nederland B.V. in cooperation with the Ministry of the
                                                                                                 Interior and Kingdom Relations.
                                                                                                 An ITSEF in the Netherlands is a commercial facility that has been licensed by TÜV Rheinland
                                                                                                 Nederland B.V. to perform Common Criteria evaluations; a significant requirement for such a license is
                                                                                                 accreditation to the requirements of ISO Standard 17025 “General requirements for the accreditation
                                                                                                 of calibration and testing laboratories”.
                                                                                                 By awarding a Common Criteria certificate, TÜV Rheinland Nederland B.V. asserts that the product or
                                                                                                 site complies with the security requirements specified in the associated (site) security target, or that
                                                                                                 the protection profile (PP) complies with the requirements for PP evaluation specified in the Common
                                                                                                 Criteria for Information Security Evaluation. A (site) security target is a requirements specification
                                                                                                 document that defines the scope of the evaluation activities.
                                                                                                 The consumer should review the (site) security target or protection profile, in addition to this
                                                                                                 certification report, in order to gain an understanding of any assumptions made during the evaluation,
                                                                                                 the IT product's intended environment, its security requirements, and the level of confidence (i.e., the
                                                                                                 evaluation assurance level) that the product or site satisfies the security requirements stated in the
                                                                                                 (site) security target.
                                                                                                 Reproduction of this report is authorized provided the report is reproduced in its entirety.
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.
                                                                                                 Page: 5/13 of report number: NSCIB-CC-200689-CR, dated 07 January 2020




                                                                                                 Recognition of the certificate
                                                                                                 Presence of the Common Criteria Recognition Arrangement and SOG-IS logos on the certificate
                                                                                                 indicates that this certificate is issued in accordance with the provisions of the CCRA and the SOG-IS
                                                                                                 agreement and will be recognised by the participating nations.

                                                                                                 International recognition
                                                                                                 The CCRA has been signed by the Netherlands in May 2000 and provides mutual recognition of
                                                                                                 certificates based on the CC. Starting September 2014 the CCRA has been updated to provide mutual
                                                                                                 recognition of certificates based on cPPs (exact use) or STs with evaluation assurance components
                                                                                                 up to and including EAL2+ALC_FLR. The current list of signatory nations and approved certification
                                                                                                 schemes can be found on: http://www.commoncriteriaportal.org.

                                                                                                 European recognition
                                                                                                 The European SOGIS-Mutual Recognition Agreement (SOGIS-MRA) version 3 effective from April
                                                                                                 2010 provides mutual recognition of Common Criteria and ITSEC certificates at a basic evaluation
                                                                                                 level for all products. A higher recognition level for evaluation levels beyond EAL4 (resp. E3-basic) is
                                                                                                 provided for products related to specific technical domains. This agreement was initially signed by
                                                                                                 Finland, France, Germany, The Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom. Italy
                                                                                                 joined the SOGIS-MRA in December 2010. The current list of signatory nations, approved certification
                                                                                                 schemes and the list of technical domains for which the higher recognition applies can be found on:
                                                                                                 http://www.sogisportal.eu.

                                                                                                 eIDAS-Regulation
                                                                                                 TÜV Rheinland Nederland BV, operating the Netherlands Scheme for Certification in the Area of IT
                                                                                                 Security (NSCIB), has been notified as a Designated Certification Body from The Netherlands under
                                                                                                 Article 30(2) and 39(2) of Regulation 910/2014 OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE
                                                                                                 COUNCIL of 23 July 2014.
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.
                                                                                                 Page: 6/13 of report number: NSCIB-CC-200689-CR, dated 07 January 2020




                                                                                                 1 Executive Summary
                                                                                                 This Certification Report states the outcome of the Common Criteria security evaluation of the
                                                                                                 CombICAO Applet in EAC configuration on ID-ONE Cosmo V9 Essential. The developer of the
                                                                                                 CombICAO Applet in EAC configuration on ID-ONE Cosmo V9 Essential is IDEMIA located in
                                                                                                 Courbevoie, France and they also act as the sponsor of the evaluation and certification. A Certification
                                                                                                 Report is intended to assist prospective consumers when judging the suitability of the IT security
                                                                                                 properties of the product for their particular requirements.
                                                                                                 The TOE consists of a CombICAO Applet product in EAC configuration composed with the certified
                                                                                                 underlying IDEMIA Java Card ID-ONE Cosmo V9 Essential. The product is designed to support the
                                                                                                 usage as an eMRTD, as per [ICAO_9303] and European provisions [TR_03110].
                                                                                                 The TOE addresses the protection of the logical travel document (i) in integrity by write-only-once
                                                                                                 access control and by physical means, and (ii) in confidentiality by the Extended Access Control
                                                                                                 Mechanism. Also it addresses the Chip Authentication Version 1 described in [TR_03110] as an
                                                                                                 alternative to the Active Authentication stated in [ICAO_9303].
                                                                                                 The TOE has been evaluated by Brightsight B.V. located in Delft, The Netherlands. The evaluation
                                                                                                 was completed on 12 December 2019 with the approval of the ETR. The certification procedure has
                                                                                                 been conducted in accordance with the provisions of the Netherlands Scheme for Certification in the
                                                                                                 Area of IT Security [NSCIB].
                                                                                                 The scope of the evaluation is defined by the security target [ST], which identifies assumptions made
                                                                                                 during the evaluation, the intended environment for the CombICAO Applet in EAC configuration on ID-
                                                                                                 ONE Cosmo V9 Essential, the security requirements, and the level of confidence (evaluation
                                                                                                 assurance level) at which the product is intended to satisfy the security requirements. Consumers of
                                                                                                 the CombICAO Applet in EAC configuration on ID-ONE Cosmo V9 Essential are advised to verify that
                                                                                                 their own environment is consistent with the security target, and to give due consideration to the
                                                                                                 comments, observations and recommendations in this certification report.
                                                                                                                                                                          1
                                                                                                 The results documented in the evaluation technical report [ETR] for this product provides sufficient
                                                                                                 evidence that the TOE meets the EAL5 augmented (EAL5(+)) assurance requirements for the
                                                                                                 evaluated security functionality. This assurance level is augmented with ALC_DVS.2 (Sufficiency of
                                                                                                 security measures) and AVA_VAN.5 (Advanced methodical vulnerability analysis).
                                                                                                 The evaluation was conducted using the Common Methodology for Information Technology Security
                                                                                                 Evaluation, Version 3.1 Revision 5 [CEM] for conformance to the Common Criteria for Information
                                                                                                 Technology Security Evaluation, version 3.1 Revision 5 [CC].
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.




                                                                                                 TÜV Rheinland Nederland B.V., as the NSCIB Certification Body, declares that the evaluation meets
                                                                                                 all the conditions for international recognition of Common Criteria Certificates and that the product will
                                                                                                 be listed on the NSCIB Certified Products list. It should be noted that the certification results only apply
                                                                                                 to the specific version of the product as evaluated.




                                                                                                 1
                                                                                                  The Evaluation Technical Report contains information proprietary to the developer and/or the
                                                                                                 evaluator, and is not releasable for public review.
                                                                                                 Page: 7/13 of report number: NSCIB-CC-200689-CR, dated 07 January 2020




                                                                                                 2 Certification Results
                                                                                                 2.1       Identification of Target of Evaluation
                                                                                                 The Target of Evaluation (TOE) for this evaluation is the CombICAO Applet in EAC configuration on
                                                                                                 ID-ONE Cosmo V9 Essential from IDEMIA located in Courbevoie, France.
                                                                                                 The TOE is comprised of the following main components:

                                                                                                  Delivery       Identifier                                               Version
                                                                                                  item type

                                                                                                                 SLC32GDL400G3
                                                                                                                 SLC32GDA400G3
                                                                                                                                                                          IFX_CCI_000005
                                                                                                                 SLC32GDA348G3
                                                                                                                 SLC32GDL348G3

                                                                                                                                                                          IFX_CCI_000008
                                                                                                                 SLC32PDL400
                                                                                                  Hardware                                                                IFX_CCI_000014

                                                                                                                                                                          V01.22.4346-
                                                                                                                 Software Library - HSL
                                                                                                                                                                          SLCx2_C65.lib

                                                                                                                 Software Library - MCS (Mifare lib)                      V02.03.3446

                                                                                                                 Java Card Platform - ID-ONE COSMO V9 ESSENTIAL           SAAAAR 089233

                                                                                                  Software       CombICAO applet                                          SAAAAR 203297


                                                                                                 To ensure secure usage a set of guidance documents is provided together with the CombICAO Applet
                                                                                                 in EAC configuration on ID-ONE Cosmo V9 Essential. Details can be found in section
                                                                                                 “Documentation” of this report.

                                                                                                 2.2       Security Policy
                                                                                                 The TOE is delivered during the preparation phase after which the pre-personalisation and
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.




                                                                                                 personalisation are performed.
                                                                                                 The Pre-personalisation consists of:
                                                                                                       x    Authentication and secure channel using the in the certified platform implemented GP
                                                                                                            functionality using SCP02 and SCP03,
                                                                                                       x    Initialization of the TOE,
                                                                                                       x    Loading Personalization Agent keys in encrypted form,
                                                                                                       x    Storing the Initialization and Pre-Personalization data in audit records.
                                                                                                 The Personalisation consists of:
                                                                                                       x    Authentication and secure channel using the in the certified platform implemented GP
                                                                                                            functionality using SCP02 and SCP03,
                                                                                                       x    Configuration of the TOE,
                                                                                                       x    Load user data,
                                                                                                       x    Configure SM level for biometrical data access,
                                                                                                       x    Load Chip Authentication keys in encrypted form,
                                                                                                       x    Chip Authentication Key Generation,
                                                                                                       x    Disable read access to Initialization Data,
                                                                                                       x    Write initial CVCA Public Key, initial CVCA Certificate and initial current date
                                                                                                       x    Write the document basic access keys,
                                                                                                       x    Set the files that are allowed to be modified in phase 7,
                                                                                                       x    Write the Document Security Object (SO d),
                                                                                                 Page: 8/13 of report number: NSCIB-CC-200689-CR, dated 07 January 2020




                                                                                                       x    Set TOE life cycle to Operational Use phase.
                                                                                                 See the [ST] for details, including section 1.3.6 of [ST] for details of the TOE lifecycle.

                                                                                                 2.3       Assumptions and Clarification of Scope

                                                                                                 2.3.1      Assumptions
                                                                                                 The assumptions defined in the Security Target are not covered by the TOE itself. These aspects lead
                                                                                                 to specific Security Objectives to be fulfilled by the TOE-Environment. Detailed information on these
                                                                                                 security objectives that must be fulfilled by the TOE environment can be found in section 3.3 of the
                                                                                                 [ST].

                                                                                                 2.3.2      Clarification of scope
                                                                                                 The evaluation did not reveal any threats to the TOE that are not countered by the evaluated security
                                                                                                 functions of the product.
                                                                                                 Note that the ICAO MRTD infrastructure critically depends on the objectives for the environment to be
                                                                                                 met. These are not weaknesses of this particular TOE, but aspects of the ICAO MRTD infrastructure
                                                                                                 as a whole.
                                                                                                 The environment in which the TOE is personalized must perform proper and safe personalization
                                                                                                 according to the guidance and referred ICAO guidelines.
                                                                                                 The environment in which the TOE is used must ensure that the inspection system protects the
                                                                                                 confidentiality and integrity of the data send and read from the TOE.

                                                                                                 2.4       Architectural Information
                                                                                                 The TOE consists of an applet and the certified Java Card platform (Cosmo v9 Essential) that can be
                                                                                                 configured to be used as an eMRTD as specified in [ST]. The logical architecture of the TOE can be
                                                                                                 depicted as follows:
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.




                                                                                                 The TOE provides the following features in operational phase
                                                                                                       x    Chip Authentication v1 is part of the EACv1 procedure defined in [TR_03110],
                                                                                                       x    Terminal Authentication v1, part of the EACv1 procedure defined in [TR_03110],
                                                                                                 Page: 9/13 of report number: NSCIB-CC-200689-CR, dated 07 January 2020




                                                                                                       x    Enhanced protection over Sensitive biometric data reading.

                                                                                                 2.5       Documentation
                                                                                                 The following documentation is provided with the product by the developer to the customer:

                                                                                                  Identifier                                                                            Version
                                                                                                  FQR 220 1306 - CombICAO Applet – AGD_PRE                                              Ed 8.
                                                                                                  FQR 220 1307 - CombICAO Applet – AGD_OPE                                              Ed 9
                                                                                                  Secure acceptance and delivery of sensitive element - FQR 110 8921                    Ed 1
                                                                                                  ID One Cosmo V9.0 Essential Reference Guide, FQR 110 8823                             Ed 5
                                                                                                  ID One Cosmo V9.0 Essential - Pre-Perso Guide, FQR 110 8797                           Ed 5
                                                                                                  ID-One Cosmo V9 Application Loading Protection Guidance, FQR: 110 8798                Ed 2
                                                                                                  ID-One Cosmo V9 Applet Security Recommendations, FQR: 110 8794                        Ed 4

                                                                                                 2.6       IT Product Testing
                                                                                                 Testing (depth, coverage, functional tests, independent testing): The evaluators examined the
                                                                                                 developer’s testing activities documentation and verified that the developer has met their testing
                                                                                                 responsibilities.

                                                                                                 2.6.1      Testing approach and depth
                                                                                                 The developer has performed exhaustive testing on functional specification, subsystem and SFR-
                                                                                                 enforcing module level. The testing was largely automated using industry standard and proprietary test
                                                                                                 suites. Test scripts were extensively used to verify that the functions return the expected values. The
                                                                                                 Developer used a combination of test tools to test the TOE, including use of a commercial test bench
                                                                                                 from Keolabs/Scriptis, to test the operational behaviour of the TOE according to the [TR_03110] and
                                                                                                 [ICAO-9303] conformity test specifications. These conformity tests cover all eMRTD configurations of
                                                                                                 the TOE.
                                                                                                 As the testing was automated the evaluator selected a small sample of tests to verify the correctness
                                                                                                 of the developer testing. All test results were as expected. Because no gaps could be identified in the
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.




                                                                                                 developer testing evidence the evaluator devised a set of five (5) tests aiming to verify a part of the
                                                                                                 preparatory guidance and the access conditions.
                                                                                                 For the independent functional testing performed by the evaluators, the developer provided samples
                                                                                                 and a test environment.

                                                                                                 2.6.2      Independent Penetration Testing
                                                                                                 The vulnerability analysis performed was conducted along the following steps:
                                                                                                       x    When evaluating the evidence in the classes ASE, ADV and AGD potential vulnerabilities
                                                                                                            were identified from generating questions to the type of TOE and the specified behaviour.
                                                                                                       x    For ADV_IMP a thorough implementation representation review was performed on the TOE.
                                                                                                            During this attack oriented analysis the protection against the attack scenarios was analysed
                                                                                                            using the knowledge gained from all previous evaluation classes. This resulted in the
                                                                                                            identification of additional potential vulnerabilities. This analysis was performed according to
                                                                                                            the attack list in [JIL_AM]. An important source for assurance against attacks in this step is the
                                                                                                            [HW_ETRfc] of the underlying platform; no additional potential vulnerabilities were concluded
                                                                                                            from this.
                                                                                                       x    All potential vulnerabilities were analysed using the knowledge gained from all evaluation
                                                                                                            classes and the public domain. A judgment was made on how to assure that these potential
                                                                                                            vulnerabilities are not exploitable. All potential vulnerabilities were found to be not exploitable
                                                                                                            due to an impractical attack path for the TOE in its evaluated configuration.
                                                                                                 Page: 10/13 of report number: NSCIB-CC-200689-CR, dated 07 January 2020




                                                                                                 2.6.3      Test Configuration
                                                                                                 The following test benches were used for witness of developer testing:
                                                                                                       x    Oberthur Testing Framework v 1.7.2.1 (Including Python)
                                                                                                       x    Keolabs eMRTD Applicative Test Suite v 06.00 - Accreditation testing
                                                                                                 The TOE was tested in the following configurations:
                                                                                                       x    T1; {for T=1, T=CL, and Dual executions; SCP0300 Configuration}
                                                                                                       x    T0; {for T=0 executions; SCP0300 Configuration }
                                                                                                       x    T1;USE_SCP02; {for T=1, T=CL, and Dual executions; SCP0255 Configuration }
                                                                                                       x    T0;USE_SCP02; {for T=0 executions; SCP0255 Configuration }
                                                                                                 For the listed configurations the TOE is in Pre-personalization stage. The TOE is configured and
                                                                                                 personalized for each test of the Oberthur testing framework.
                                                                                                 For the KEOLABS test suite, all tests are performed in the operational life-cycle state, and do not allow
                                                                                                 TOE identification. These samples are personalised according to the ePassport profiles mentioned in
                                                                                                 the ATE.
                                                                                                 For evaluator independent testing, the TOE was tested in the following configurations:
                                                                                                       x    Configuration 1: Personalization stage with the eMRTD applet installed.
                                                                                                       x    Configuration 2: eMRTD.

                                                                                                 2.6.4      Testing Results
                                                                                                 The testing activities, including configurations, procedures, test cases, expected results and observed
                                                                                                 results are summarised in the [ETR], with references to the documents containing the full details.
                                                                                                 The developer’s tests and the independent functional tests produced the expected results, giving
                                                                                                 assurance that the TOE behaves as specified in its [ST] and functional specification.
                                                                                                 No exploitable vulnerabilities were found with the vulnerability analysis.
                                                                                                 The algorithmic security level of cryptographic functionality has not been rated in this certification
                                                                                                 process, but the current consensus on the algorithmic security level in the open domain, i.e. from the
                                                                                                 current best cryptanalytic attacks published, has been taken into account.

                                                                                                 2.7       Evaluated Configuration
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.




                                                                                                 The TOE is defined uniquely by its name and version number CombICAO Applet in EAC configuration
                                                                                                 on ID-ONE Cosmo V9 Essential.

                                                                                                 2.8       Results of the Evaluation
                                                                                                                                                                           2
                                                                                                 The evaluation lab documented their evaluation results in the [ETR] which references an ASE
                                                                                                 Intermediate Report and other evaluator documents.
                                                                                                 The verdict of each claimed assurance requirement is “Pass”.
                                                                                                 Based on the above evaluation results the evaluation lab concluded the CombICAO Applet in EAC
                                                                                                 configuration on ID-ONE Cosmo V9 Essential, to be CC Part 2 extended, CC Part 3 conformant,
                                                                                                 and to meet the requirements of EAL 5 augmented with AVA_VAN.5 and ALC_DVS.2. This implies
                                                                                                 that the product satisfies the security requirements specified in Security Target [ST].
                                                                                                 The Security Target claims ’strict’ conformance to the Protection Profile [PP].

                                                                                                 2.9       Comments/Recommendations
                                                                                                 The user guidance as outlined in section 2.5 contains necessary information about the usage of the
                                                                                                 TOE. Certain aspects of the TOE’s security functionality, in particular the countermeasures against
                                                                                                 attacks, depend on accurate conformance to the user guidance of both the software and the hardware
                                                                                                 Page: 11/13 of report number: NSCIB-CC-200689-CR, dated 07 January 2020




                                                                                                 part of the TOE. There are no particular obligations or recommendations for the user apart from
                                                                                                 following the user guidance. Please note that the documents contain relevant details with respect to
                                                                                                 the resistance against certain attacks.
                                                                                                 In addition all aspects of assumptions, threats and policies as outlined in the Security Target not
                                                                                                 covered by the TOE itself need to be fulfilled by the operational environment of the TOE.
                                                                                                 The customer or user of the product shall consider the results of the certification within his system risk
                                                                                                 management process. In order for the evolution of attack methods and techniques to be covered, he
                                                                                                 should define the period of time until a re-assessment for the TOE is required and thus requested from
                                                                                                 the sponsor of the certificate.
                                                                                                 The strength of the cryptographic algorithms and protocols was not rated in the course of this
                                                                                                 evaluation.
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.
                                                                                                 Page: 12/13 of report number: NSCIB-CC-200689-CR, dated 07 January 2020




                                                                                                 3 Security Target

                                                                                                 The CombICAO Applet in EAC configuration on Cosmo V9 Security Target, FQR 110 8781, ed 7, 10
                                                                                                 October 2019 [ST] is included here by reference.
                                                                                                 Please note that for the need of publication a public version [ST-lite] has been created and verified
                                                                                                 according to [ST-SAN].



                                                                                                 4 Definitions

                                                                                                 This list of Acronyms and the glossary of terms contains elements that are not already defined by the
                                                                                                 CC or CEM:
                                                                                                 CA                   Chip Authentication
                                                                                                 CVCA                 Country Verifying Certification Authority
                                                                                                 EAC                  Extended Access Control
                                                                                                 eMRTD                electronic MRTD
                                                                                                 IT                   Information Technology
                                                                                                 ITSEF                IT Security Evaluation Facility
                                                                                                 JIL                  Joint Interpretation Library
                                                                                                 MRTD                 Machine Readable Travel Document
                                                                                                 NSCIB                Netherlands Scheme for Certification in the area of IT security
                                                                                                 PACE                 Password Authentication Connection Establishment
                                                                                                 PP                   Protection Profile
                                                                                                 SCP                  Secure Channel Protocol
                                                                                                 SM                   Secure Messaging
                                                                                                 TOE                  Target of Evaluation
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.
                                                                                                 Page: 13/13 of report number: NSCIB-CC-200689-CR, dated 07 January 2020




                                                                                                 5 Bibliography

                                                                                                 This section lists all referenced documentation used as source material in the compilation of this
                                                                                                 report:


                                                                                                 [CC]                 Common Criteria for Information Technology Security Evaluation, Parts I, II and III,
                                                                                                                      Version 3.1 Revision 5, April 2017.
                                                                                                 [CEM]                Common Methodology for Information Technology Security Evaluation, Version 3.1
                                                                                                                      Revision 5, April 2017.
                                                                                                 [CR_PP]              Certification Report BSI-CC-PP-0056-2009 for Machine readable travel documents
                                                                                                                      with “ICAO Application” Extended Access Control, version 1.10, 07 May 2009
                                                                                                 [ETR]                Evaluation Technical Report CombICAO Applet in EAC configuration on ID-ONE
                                                                                                                      Cosmo V9 Essential, 19-RPT-140, Version 5.0, 12 December 2019.
                                                                                                 [ICAO_9303]          ICAO Doc 9303, Machine Readable Travel Documents, Seventh Edition, 2015 –
                                                                                                                      Security Mechanisms for MRTDs
                                                                                                 [HW-CERT]            NSCIB-CC-200833-MA, v1, 01 August 2019
                                                                                                 [HW-ETRfC]           Evaluation Technical Report for Composition ID-ONE COSMO V9 ESSENTIAL –
                                                                                                                      EAL5+, 18-RPT-647, v6.0, 29 July 2019
                                                                                                 [HW-ST]              SCYLLA Security Target, FQR 110 8779, Ed2
                                                                                                 [JIL_AM]             Attack Methods for Smartcards and Similar Devices (controlled distribution),
                                                                                                                      Version 2.3, April 2019
                                                                                                 [NSCIB]              Netherlands Scheme for Certification in the Area of IT Security, Version 2.5, 28
                                                                                                                      March 2019.
                                                                                                 [PP]                 Common Criteria Protection Profile Machine Readable Travel Document with
                                                                                                                      “ICAO Application”, Extended Access Control, registered under the reference BSI-
                                                                                                                      CC-PP-0056, version 1.10, 25 March 2009
                                                                                                 [ST]                 CombICAO Applet in EAC configuration on Cosmo V9 Security Target, FQR 110
                                                                                                                      8781, ed 7, 10 October 2019.
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.




                                                                                                 [ST-lite]            CombICAO Applet in EAC configuration on Cosmo V9 Public Security Target, FQR
                                                                                                                      110 9317, Issue 3, 20 November 2019
                                                                                                 [ST-SAN]             ST sanitising for publication, CC Supporting Document CCDB-2006-04-004, April
                                                                                                                      2006.
                                                                                                 [TR_03110]           Technical Guideline Advanced Security Mechanisms for Machine Readable Travel
                                                                                                                      Documents – Part 1 – eMRTDs with BAC/PACEv2 and EACv1, Version 2.10, TR-
                                                                                                                      03110, Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik (BSI)


                                                                                                 (This is the end of this report).
