                                                                                                 TÜV Rheinland Nederland B.V.




                                                                                                                                                          Certification Report
Version 2020-3




                                                                                                                    NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 on JCOP4 P71 - cryptovision ePasslet
                                                                                                                    Suite – Java Card applet configuration providing Machine
                                                                                                                      Readable Travel Document with „ICAO Application”,
                                                                                                                              Extended Access Control with PACE

                                                                                                                  Sponsor:                         NXP Semiconductors Germany GmbH
                                                                                                                                                   Troplowitzstrasse 20
                                                                                                                                                   22529 Hamburg
                                                                                                                                                   Germany
                                                                                                                  Developer:                       cv cryptovision GmbH
                                                                                                                                                   Munscheidstr. 14
                                                                                                                                                   45886 Gelsenkirchen
                                                                                                                                                   Germany
                                                                                                                  Evaluation facility:             Brightsight
                                                                                                                                                   Brassersplein 2
                                                                                                                                                   2612 CT Delft
                                                                                                                                                   The Netherlands


                                                                                                                  Report number:                   NSCIB-CC-0229285-CR

                                                                                                                  Report version:                  1
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.




                                                                                                                  Project number:                  0229285

                                                                                                                  Author(s):                       Jordi Mujal

                                                                                                                  Date:                            18 December 2020

                                                                                                                  Number of pages:                 12

                                                                                                                  Number of appendices:            0




                                                                                                                  Reproduction of this report is authorized provided the report is reproduced in its entirety.




                                                                                                 Headoffice:                        Location Leek:                   info@nl.tuv.com                   TÜV Rheinland Nederland B.V. is a
                                                                                                 Westervoortsedijk 73               Eiberkamp 10                     www.tuv.com/nl                    registered company at the Dutch
                                                                                                 NL-6827 AV Arnhem                  NL-9351 VT Leek                                                    Chamber of Commerce under
                                                                                                                                                                     Tel. +31 (0)88 888 7 888          number 27288788
                                                                                                 P.O. Box 2220                      P.O. Box 37                      Fax +31 (0)88 888 7 879
                                                                                                 NL-6802 CE Arnhem                  NL-9350 AA Leek                                                    VAT number: NL815820380B01
                                                                                                 The Netherlands                    The Netherlands                                                    IBAN: NL61DEUT0265155096
                                                                                                 Page: 2/12 of report number: NSCIB-CC-0229285-CR, dated 18 December 2020




                                                                                                 CONTENTS:

                                                                                                 Foreword                                                                    3

                                                                                                 Recognition of the certificate                                              4
                                                                                                 International recognition                                                   4
                                                                                                 European recognition                                                        4

                                                                                                 1 Executive Summary                                                         5

                                                                                                 2 Certification Results                                                     6
                                                                                                 2.1      Identification of Target of Evaluation                             6
                                                                                                 2.2      Security Policy                                                    6
                                                                                                 2.3      Assumptions and Clarification of Scope                             6
                                                                                                 2.4      Architectural Information                                          7
                                                                                                 2.5      Documentation                                                      8
                                                                                                 2.6      IT Product Testing                                                 8
                                                                                                 2.7      Re-used evaluation results                                         9
                                                                                                 2.8      Evaluated Configuration                                            9
                                                                                                 2.9      Results of the Evaluation                                          9
                                                                                                 2.10     Comments/Recommendations                                          10

                                                                                                 3 Security Target                                                          11

                                                                                                 4 Definitions                                                              11

                                                                                                 5 Bibliography                                                             12
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.
                                                                                                 Page: 3/12 of report number: NSCIB-CC-0229285-CR, dated 18 December 2020




                                                                                                 Foreword
                                                                                                 The Netherlands Scheme for Certification in the Area of IT Security (NSCIB) provides a third-party
                                                                                                 evaluation and certification service for determining the trustworthiness of Information Technology (IT)
                                                                                                 security products. Under this NSCIB, TÜV Rheinland Nederland B.V. has the task of issuing
                                                                                                 certificates for IT security products, as well as for protection profiles and sites.
                                                                                                 Part of the procedure is the technical examination (evaluation) of the product, protection profile or site
                                                                                                 according to the Common Criteria assessment guidelines published by the NSCIB. Evaluations are
                                                                                                 performed by an IT Security Evaluation Facility (ITSEF) under the oversight of the NSCIB Certification
                                                                                                 Body, which is operated by TÜV Rheinland Nederland B.V. in cooperation with the Ministry of the
                                                                                                 Interior and Kingdom Relations.
                                                                                                 An ITSEF in the Netherlands is a commercial facility that has been licensed by TÜV Rheinland
                                                                                                 Nederland B.V. to perform Common Criteria evaluations; a significant requirement for such a license is
                                                                                                 accreditation to the requirements of ISO Standard 17025 “General requirements for the accreditation
                                                                                                 of calibration and testing laboratories”.
                                                                                                 By awarding a Common Criteria certificate, TÜV Rheinland Nederland B.V. asserts that the product or
                                                                                                 site complies with the security requirements specified in the associated (site) security target, or that
                                                                                                 the protection profile (PP) complies with the requirements for PP evaluation specified in the Common
                                                                                                 Criteria for Information Security Evaluation. A (site) security target is a requirements specification
                                                                                                 document that defines the scope of the evaluation activities.
                                                                                                 The consumer should review the (site) security target or protection profile, in addition to this
                                                                                                 certification report, in order to gain an understanding of any assumptions made during the evaluation,
                                                                                                 the IT product's intended environment, its security requirements, and the level of confidence (i.e., the
                                                                                                 evaluation assurance level) that the product or site satisfies the security requirements stated in the
                                                                                                 (site) security target.
                                                                                                 Reproduction of this report is authorized provided the report is reproduced in its entirety.
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.
                                                                                                 Page: 4/12 of report number: NSCIB-CC-0229285-CR, dated 18 December 2020




                                                                                                 Recognition of the certificate
                                                                                                 Presence of the Common Criteria Recognition Arrangement and SOG-IS logos on the certificate
                                                                                                 indicates that this certificate is issued in accordance with the provisions of the CCRA and the SOG-IS
                                                                                                 agreement and will be recognised by the participating nations.

                                                                                                 International recognition
                                                                                                 The CCRA has been signed by the Netherlands in May 2000 and provides mutual recognition of
                                                                                                 certificates based on the CC. Starting September 2014 the CCRA has been updated to provide mutual
                                                                                                 recognition of certificates based on cPPs (exact use) or STs with evaluation assurance components
                                                                                                 up to and including EAL2+ALC_FLR. The current list of signatory nations and approved certification
                                                                                                 schemes can be found on: http://www.commoncriteriaportal.org.

                                                                                                 European recognition
                                                                                                 The European SOGIS-Mutual Recognition Agreement (SOGIS-MRA) version 3 effective from April
                                                                                                 2010 provides mutual recognition of Common Criteria and ITSEC certificates at a basic evaluation
                                                                                                 level for all products. A higher recognition level for evaluation levels beyond EAL4 (resp. E3-basic) is
                                                                                                 provided for products related to specific technical domains. This agreement was initially signed by
                                                                                                 Finland, France, Germany, The Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom. Italy
                                                                                                 joined the SOGIS-MRA in December 2010. The current list of signatory nations, approved certification
                                                                                                 schemes and the list of technical domains for which the higher recognition applies can be found on:
                                                                                                 http://www.sogisportal.eu.
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.
                                                                                                 Page: 5/12 of report number: NSCIB-CC-0229285-CR, dated 18 December 2020




                                                                                                 1 Executive Summary
                                                                                                 This Certification Report states the outcome of the Common Criteria security evaluation of the NXP
                                                                                                 eDoc Suite v3.5 on JCOP4 P71 - cryptovision ePasslet Suite – Java Card applet configuration
                                                                                                 providing Machine Readable Travel Document with „ICAO Application”, Extended Access Control with
                                                                                                 PACE. The developer of the NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 on JCOP4 P71 - cryptovision ePasslet Suite – Java
                                                                                                 Card applet configuration providing Machine Readable Travel Document with „ICAO Application”,
                                                                                                 Extended Access Control with PACE is cv cryptovision GmbH located in Gelsenkirchen, Germany.
                                                                                                 The sponsor of the evaluation and certification was NXP Semiconductors Germany GmbH located in
                                                                                                 Hamburg, Germany. A Certification Report is intended to assist prospective consumers when judging
                                                                                                 the suitability of the IT security properties of the product for their particular requirements.
                                                                                                 The TOE consists of an applet and the certified Java Card platform (JCOP 4 on P71) [PL-CERT] that
                                                                                                 can be configured to be used as an eMRTD as specified in [ST]. After instantiation and configuration
                                                                                                 as MRTD-EAC configuration it can be programmed amongst others according to the Logical Data
                                                                                                 Structure (LDS) and additionally providing the Extended Access Control according to the ‘ICAO Doc
                                                                                                 9303’ and BSI TR-03110 documents referenced in the [ST].
                                                                                                 The communication between terminal and chip shall be protected by Password Authenticated
                                                                                                 Connection Establishment (PACE) according to Electronic Passport using Standard Inspection
                                                                                                 Procedure with PACE.
                                                                                                 The TOE is delivered during the preparation phase after which the initialisation and personalisation
                                                                                                 are performed.
                                                                                                 The TOE has been evaluated by Brightsight B.V. located in Delft, The Netherlands. The evaluation
                                                                                                 was completed on 2020/12/18 with the approval of the ETR. The certification procedure has been
                                                                                                 conducted in accordance with the provisions of the Netherlands Scheme for Certification in the Area of
                                                                                                 IT Security [NSCIB].
                                                                                                 The scope of the evaluation is defined by the security target [ST], which identifies assumptions made
                                                                                                 during the evaluation, the intended environment for the NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 on JCOP4 P71 -
                                                                                                 cryptovision ePasslet Suite – Java Card applet configuration providing Machine Readable Travel
                                                                                                 Document with „ICAO Application”, Extended Access Control with PACE, the security requirements,
                                                                                                 and the level of confidence (evaluation assurance level) at which the product is intended to satisfy the
                                                                                                 security requirements. Consumers of the NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 on JCOP4 P71 - cryptovision ePasslet
                                                                                                 Suite – Java Card applet configuration providing Machine Readable Travel Document with „ICAO
                                                                                                 Application”, Extended Access Control with PACE are advised to verify that their own environment is
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.




                                                                                                 consistent with the security target, and to give due consideration to the comments, observations and
                                                                                                 recommendations in this certification report.
                                                                                                                                                                        1
                                                                                                 The results documented in the evaluation technical report [ETR] for this product provides sufficient
                                                                                                 evidence that the TOE meets the EAL5 augmented (EAL5+) assurance requirements for the evaluated
                                                                                                 security functionality. This assurance level is augmented with ALC_DVS.2 (Sufficiency of security
                                                                                                 measures) and AVA_VAN.5 (Advanced methodical vulnerability analysis).
                                                                                                 The evaluation was conducted using the Common Methodology for Information Technology Security
                                                                                                 Evaluation, Version 3.1 Revision 5 and [CEM] for conformance to the Common Criteria for Information
                                                                                                 Technology Security Evaluation, version 3.1 Revision 5 [CC] (Parts I, II and III).
                                                                                                 TÜV Rheinland Nederland B.V., as the NSCIB Certification Body, declares that the evaluation meets
                                                                                                 all the conditions for international recognition of Common Criteria Certificates and that the product will
                                                                                                 be listed on the NSCIB Certified Products list. It should be noted that the certification results only apply
                                                                                                 to the specific version of the product as evaluated.




                                                                                                 1
                                                                                                  The Evaluation Technical Report contains information proprietary to the developer and/or the
                                                                                                 evaluator, and is not releasable for public review.
                                                                                                 Page: 6/12 of report number: NSCIB-CC-0229285-CR, dated 18 December 2020




                                                                                                 2 Certification Results
                                                                                                 2.1     Identification of Target of Evaluation
                                                                                                 The Target of Evaluation (TOE) for this evaluation is the NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 on JCOP4 P71 -
                                                                                                 cryptovision ePasslet Suite – Java Card applet configuration providing Machine Readable Travel
                                                                                                 Document with „ICAO Application”, Extended Access Control with PACE from cv cryptovision GmbH
                                                                                                 located in Gelsenkirchen, Germany.
                                                                                                 The TOE is comprised of the following main components:

                                                                                                                     Name                                                               Version
                                                                                                 Hardware           NXP secure Smart Card controller N7121 with IC Dedicated Software   B1
                                                                                                                    and Crypto Library
                                                                                                 Software           IC dedicated Test Software                                          9.2.3
                                                                                                                    Boot Software                                                       9.2.3
                                                                                                                    Firmware                                                            9.2.3
                                                                                                                    FlashLoader OS                                                      1.2.5
                                                                                                                    Library Interface                                                   9.2.3
                                                                                                                    System Mode OS                                                      13.2.3
                                                                                                                    Crypto Library                                                      0.7.6
                                                                                                                    IC Embedded Software (for “configuration Banking & Secure ID)       JCOP 4.7 P71 R1.01.4
                                                                                                                    NXP eDoc Suite on JCOP4 P71 –cryptovision ePasslet Suite            v3.5
                                                                                                                                                                                        (internal version 0405, 3E5E)


                                                                                                 To ensure secure usage a set of guidance documents is provided together with the NXP eDoc Suite
                                                                                                 v3.5 on JCOP4 P71 - cryptovision ePasslet Suite – Java Card applet configuration providing Machine
                                                                                                 Readable Travel Document with „ICAO Application”, Extended Access Control with PACE. Details can
                                                                                                 be found in section 2.5 of this report.
                                                                                                 For a detailed and precise description of the TOE lifecycle refer to the [ST], chapter 1.4.

                                                                                                 2.2     Security Policy
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.




                                                                                                 The TOE is a Java Card (NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 on JCOP4 - cryptovision ePasslet Suite) configured to
                                                                                                 provide a contact and contactless integrated circuit chip containing components for a machine
                                                                                                 readable travel document (MRTD). As MRTD-EAC configuration it can be programmed according to
                                                                                                 the Logical Data Structure (LDS), additionally providing the Extended Access Control (EAC),
                                                                                                 Password Authenticated Connection Establishment (PACE), Active Authentication (AA) and Chip
                                                                                                 Authentication (CA) according to the ICAO and BSI TR-03110 documents referenced in the [ST].

                                                                                                 2.3     Assumptions and Clarification of Scope

                                                                                                 2.3.1      Assumptions
                                                                                                 The assumptions defined in the Security Target are not covered by the TOE itself. These aspects lead
                                                                                                 to specific Security Objectives to be fulfilled by the TOE-Environment. Detailed information on these
                                                                                                 security objectives that must be fulfilled by the TOE environment can be found in section 4.2 of the
                                                                                                 [ST].

                                                                                                 2.3.2      Clarification of scope
                                                                                                 The evaluation did not reveal any threats to the TOE that are not countered by the evaluated security
                                                                                                 functions of the product.
                                                                                                 The TOE can be ordered in 3 configurations:
                                                                                                        1 configuration without Biometry.
                                                                                                 Page: 7/12 of report number: NSCIB-CC-0229285-CR, dated 18 December 2020




                                                                                                        2 configurations with Biometry library
                                                                                                 It is noted that the Biometry is not claimed in anyway nor specified in the Security Target and
                                                                                                 considered SFR-Non-interfering.
                                                                                                 Note that the ICAO MRTD infrastructure critically depends on the objectives for the environment to be
                                                                                                 met. These are not weaknesses of this particular TOE, but aspects of the ICAO MRTD infrastructure
                                                                                                 as a whole.
                                                                                                 The environment in which the TOE is personalized must perform proper and safe personalization
                                                                                                 according to the guidance and referred ICAO guidelines.
                                                                                                 The environment in which the TOE is used must ensure that the inspection system protects the
                                                                                                 confidentiality and integrity of the data send and read from the TOE.



                                                                                                 2.4       Architectural Information
                                                                                                 The TOE consists of:
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.




                                                                                                           The circuitry of the chip (the integrated circuit, IC) including the contact-based interface with
                                                                                                            hardware for the contactless interface including contacts for the antenna, providing basic
                                                                                                            cryptographic functionalities.
                                                                                                           The platform with the Java Card operation system JCOP4 (NXP JCOP4 P71; please refer to
                                                                                                            the platform security target [PL-ST] for details of this designation), together with the JCOP4
                                                                                                            documentation according to [PL-ST].
                                                                                                           NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 on JCOP4 - cryptovision ePasslet Suite – Java Card applet
                                                                                                            configuration providing Machine Readable Travel Document with „ICAO Application”,
                                                                                                            Extended Access Control with PACE.
                                                                                                           The associated guidance documentation: Administrator and User Guidance in PDF format and
                                                                                                            the platform documentation.

                                                                                                       Multiple configurations (and hence support for different applications) can be present at the same
                                                                                                       time by instantiating multiple applets with their distinct configurations. Such additional functionality
                                                                                                       is independent of the functionality of the TOE as described in the [ST] and the guidance manuals.
                                                                                                       This is ensured by the isolation properties of the Java Card platform.
                                                                                                 Page: 8/12 of report number: NSCIB-CC-0229285-CR, dated 18 December 2020




                                                                                                 2.5       Documentation
                                                                                                 The following documentation is provided with the product by the developer to the customer:

                                                                                                               Name                                                  Version         Date
                                                                                                               JCOP 4 P71, User Manual for JCOP 4P71                 rev 3.7         2019-05-31
                                                                                                               NXP Secure Smart Card controller N7121, Preliminary   rev 2.0         2018-08-31
                                                                                                               data sheet
                                                                                                               NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 – cryptovision ePasslet Suite –   version 1.3.1   2020-11-30
                                                                                                               Java Card applet configuration providing an ICAO
                                                                                                               MRTD application with Extended Access Control
                                                                                                               (EACv1) or with Basic Access Control (BAC) and
                                                                                                               Supplemental Access Control (SAC), Preparation
                                                                                                               Guidance (AGD_PRE),
                                                                                                               NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 – cryptovision ePasslet Suite –   version 1.2.0   2020-11-24
                                                                                                               Java Card applet configuration providing an ICAO
                                                                                                               MRTD application with Extended Access Control
                                                                                                               (EACv1) or with Basic Access Control (BAC) and
                                                                                                               Supplemental Access Control (SAC), Operational
                                                                                                               Guidance (AGD_OPE),
                                                                                                               NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 – cryptovision ePasslet Suite –   version 1.3.1   2020-11-30
                                                                                                               Java Card Applet Suite providing Electronic ID
                                                                                                               Documents applications Guidance Manual



                                                                                                 2.6       IT Product Testing
                                                                                                 Testing (depth, coverage, functional tests, independent testing): The evaluators examined the
                                                                                                 developer’s testing activities documentation and verified that the developer has met their testing
                                                                                                 responsibilities.

                                                                                                 2.6.1      Testing approach and depth
                                                                                                 The developer has performed extensive testing on functional specification, subsystem and module
                                                                                                 level. All parameter choices have been addressed at least once. All boundary cases identified have
                                                                                                 been tested explicitly, and additionally the near-boundary conditions have been covered
                                                                                                 probabilistically. The testing was largely automated using industry standard and proprietary test suites.
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.




                                                                                                 Test scripts were extensively used to verify that the functions return the expected values.
                                                                                                 The underlying hardware, crypto-library and Javacard test results are extendable to composite
                                                                                                 evaluations, as the underlying platform is operated according to its guidance and the composite
                                                                                                 evaluation requirements are met.
                                                                                                 For the testing performed by the evaluators, the developer has provided samples and a test
                                                                                                 environment. The evaluators have reproduced a selection of the developer tests, as well as a small
                                                                                                 number of test cases designed by the evaluator.

                                                                                                 2.6.2      Independent Penetration Testing


                                                                                                 The methodical analysis performed was conducted along the following steps:

                                                                                                           When evaluating the evidence in the classes ASE, ADV and AGD the evaluator considers
                                                                                                            whether potential vulnerabilities can already be identified due to the TOE type and/or specified
                                                                                                            behaviour in such an early stage of the evaluation.
                                                                                                           For ADV_IMP a thorough implementation representation review is performed on the TOE.
                                                                                                            During this attack-oriented analysis, the protection of the TOE is analysed using the
                                                                                                            knowledge gained from all previous evaluation classes. This results in the identification of
                                                                                                            (additional) potential vulnerabilities. For this analysis will be performed according to the attack
                                                                                                 Page: 9/12 of report number: NSCIB-CC-0229285-CR, dated 18 December 2020




                                                                                                            methods in [JIL-AP]. An important source for assurance in this step is the ETR for composition
                                                                                                            of the underlying platform [PL-CERT].
                                                                                                           All potential vulnerabilities are analysed using the knowledge gained from all evaluation
                                                                                                            classes and information from the public domain. A judgment was made on how to assure that
                                                                                                            these potential vulnerabilities are not exploitable. The potential vulnerabilities are addressed
                                                                                                            by penetration testing, a guidance update or in other ways that are deemed appropriate

                                                                                                 The total test effort expended by the evaluators was 2 weeks. During that test campaign 50% of the
                                                                                                 total time was spent on Perturbation attacks and 50% on logical tests

                                                                                                 2.6.3      Test Configuration
                                                                                                 It has been tested in pre-personalisation, personalisation and operational life-cycle states with applet
                                                                                                 instance configurations specified in the Security Target [ST].
                                                                                                 Functional testing was carried out by witnessing of the developer testing and by repeating some tests
                                                                                                 by the Laboratory. A combination of standard commercial tools and proprietary developer tools were
                                                                                                 used. Penetration testing was performed by using the Lab’s equipment.

                                                                                                 2.6.4      Testing Results
                                                                                                 The testing activities, including configurations, procedures, test cases, expected results and observed
                                                                                                 results are summarised in the [ETR], with references to the documents containing the full details.
                                                                                                 The developer’s tests and the independent functional tests produced the expected results, giving
                                                                                                 assurance that the TOE behaves as specified in its [ST] and functional specification.
                                                                                                 No exploitable vulnerabilities were found with the independent penetration tests.
                                                                                                 The algorithmic security level of cryptographic functionality has not been rated in this certification
                                                                                                 process, but the current consensus on the algorithmic security level in the open domain, i.e. from the
                                                                                                 current best cryptanalytic attacks published, has been taken into account.

                                                                                                 2.7       Re-used evaluation results
                                                                                                 There is no re-use of evaluation results in this certification.
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.




                                                                                                 2.8       Evaluated Configuration
                                                                                                 The TOE is defined uniquely by its name and version number NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 on JCOP4 P71 -
                                                                                                 cryptovision ePasslet Suite – Java Card applet configuration providing Machine Readable Travel
                                                                                                 Document with „ICAO Application”, Extended Access Control with PACE. The guidance documents
                                                                                                 describe how to verify the TOE and configure it.

                                                                                                 2.9       Results of the Evaluation
                                                                                                 The evaluation lab documented their evaluation results in the [ETR], which references an ASE
                                                                                                 Intermediate Report and other evaluator documents.
                                                                                                 The verdict of each claimed assurance requirement is “Pass”.
                                                                                                 Based on the above evaluation results the evaluation lab concluded the NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 on
                                                                                                 JCOP4 P71 - cryptovision ePasslet Suite – Java Card applet configuration providing Machine
                                                                                                 Readable Travel Document with „ICAO Application”, Extended Access Control with PACE, to be CC
                                                                                                 Part 2 extended, CC Part 3 conformant, and to meet the requirements of EAL 5 augmented with
                                                                                                 ALC_DVS.2 and AVA_VAN.5. This implies that the product satisfies the security requirements
                                                                                                 specified in Security Target [ST].
                                                                                                 The Security Target claims strict conformance to the Protection Profile [PP-EAC] and [PP-PACE].
                                                                                                 Page: 10/12 of report number: NSCIB-CC-0229285-CR, dated 18 December 2020




                                                                                                 2.10 Comments/Recommendations
                                                                                                 The user guidance as outlined in section 2.5 contains necessary information about the usage of the
                                                                                                 TOE. Certain aspects of the TOE’s security functionality, in particular the countermeasures against
                                                                                                 attacks, depend on accurate conformance to the user guidance of both the software and the hardware
                                                                                                 part of the TOE. There are no particular obligations or recommendations for the user apart from
                                                                                                 following the user guidance. Please note that the documents contain relevant details with respect to
                                                                                                 the resistance against certain attacks.
                                                                                                 In addition, all aspects of assumptions, threats and policies as outlined in the Security Target not
                                                                                                 covered by the TOE itself need to be fulfilled by the operational environment of the TOE.
                                                                                                 The customer or user of the product shall consider the results of the certification within his system risk
                                                                                                 management process. In order for the evolution of attack methods and techniques to be covered, he
                                                                                                 should define the period of time until a re-assessment for the TOE is required and thus requested from
                                                                                                 the sponsor of the certificate.
                                                                                                 The strength of the cryptographic algorithms and protocols was not rated in the course of this
                                                                                                 evaluation. This specifically applies to the following proprietary or non-standard algorithms, protocols
                                                                                                 and implementations: None.
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.
                                                                                                 Page: 11/12 of report number: NSCIB-CC-0229285-CR, dated 18 December 2020




                                                                                                 3 Security Target

                                                                                                 The NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 on JCOP4 P71 - cryptovision ePasslet Suite – Java Card applet
                                                                                                 configuration providing Machine Readable Travel Document with „ICAO Application”, Extended
                                                                                                 Access Control with PACE – Security Target, Version 1.2, 2020-12-17 [ST] is included here by
                                                                                                 reference.
                                                                                                 Please note that for the need of publication a public version [ST-lite] has been created and verified
                                                                                                 according to [ST-SAN].



                                                                                                 4 Definitions

                                                                                                 This list of Acronyms and the glossary of terms contains elements that are not already defined by the
                                                                                                 CC or CEM:
                                                                                                 BAC                  Basic Access Control
                                                                                                 CA                   Chip Authentication
                                                                                                 EAC                  Extended Access Control
                                                                                                 eMRTD                electronic MRTD
                                                                                                 ICAO                 International Civil Aviation Organization
                                                                                                 IT                   Information Technology
                                                                                                 ITSEF                IT Security Evaluation Facility
                                                                                                 JIL                  Joint Interpretation Library
                                                                                                 MRTD                 Machine Readable Travel Document
                                                                                                 NSCIB                Netherlands Scheme for Certification in the area of IT security
                                                                                                 PACE                 Password Authenticated Connection Establishment
                                                                                                 PP                   Protection Profile
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.




                                                                                                 TOE                  Target of Evaluation
                                                                                                 Page: 12/12 of report number: NSCIB-CC-0229285-CR, dated 18 December 2020




                                                                                                 5 Bibliography

                                                                                                 This section lists all referenced documentation used as source material in the compilation of this
                                                                                                 report:
                                                                                                 [CC]                 Common Criteria for Information Technology Security Evaluation, Parts I, II and III,
                                                                                                                      Version 3.1 Revision 5, April 2017.
                                                                                                 [CEM]                Common Methodology for Information Technology Security Evaluation, Version 3.1
                                                                                                                      Revision 5, April 2017.
                                                                                                 [ETR]                Evaluation Technical Report “NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 on JCOP4 – cryptovision
                                                                                                                      ePasslet Suite” – EAL5+, 20-RPT-956, v7.0, 2020-12-18.
                                                                                                 [JIL-AP]             JIL - Application of Attack Potential to Smartcards and Similar Devices Version 3.1,
                                                                                                                      June 2020.
                                                                                                 [NSCIB]              Netherlands Scheme for Certification in the Area of IT Security, Version 2.5, 28
                                                                                                                      March 2019.
                                                                                                 [PL-CERT]            Certification Report JCOP 4 P71, Report number: NSCIB-CC-180212-CR2, TÜV
                                                                                                                      Rhein-land Nederland B.V., 20 March 2020.
                                                                                                 [PL-ST]              NXP JCOP 4 P71 Security Target for JCOP 4 P71 / SE050 Rev. 3.7 – 2020-03-17;
                                                                                                                      Evaluation documentation, Final, NSCIB-CC-180212.
                                                                                                 [PP-EAC]             Protection Profile Machine Readable Travel Document with ICAO Application,
                                                                                                                      Extended Access Control with PACE (EAC PP), registered under the reference
                                                                                                                      BSI-CC-PP-0056-V2-2012, Version 1.3.2, 5th December 2012.
                                                                                                 [PP-PACE]            Protection Profile Machine Readable Travel Document using Standard Inspection
                                                                                                                      Procedure with PACE, registered under the reference BSI-CC-PP-0068-V2-MA-01,
                                                                                                                      Version 1.01, 22 July 2014, BSI.
                                                                                                 [ST]                 NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 on JCOP4 P71 - cryptovision ePasslet Suite – Java Card
                                                                                                                      applet configuration providing Machine Readable Travel Document with „ICAO
                                                                                                                      Application”, Extended Access Control with PACE – Security Target, Version 1.2,
                                                                                                                      2020-12-17.
                                                                                                 [ST-lite]            NXP eDoc Suite v3.5 on JCOP4 P71 - cryptovision ePasslet Suite – Java Card
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.




                                                                                                                      applet configuration providing Machine Readable Travel Document with „ICAO
                                                                                                                      Application”, Extended Access Control with PACE – Security Target Lite, Version
                                                                                                                      1.2, 2020-12-17.
                                                                                                 [ST-SAN]             ST sanitising for publication, CC Supporting Document CCDB-2006-04-004, April
                                                                                                                      2006.


                                                                                                 (This is the end of this report).
