                                                                                                 TÜV Rheinland Nederland B.V.




                                                                                                                                                          Certification Report
Version 2020-2




                                                                                                                                                                   MF3D(H)x3




                                                                                                                  Sponsor and developer:           NXP Semiconductors Germany GmbH
                                                                                                                                                   Troplowitzstrasse 20
                                                                                                                                                   22529 Hamburg
                                                                                                                                                   Germany

                                                                                                                  Evaluation facility:             Brightsight
                                                                                                                                                   Brassersplein 2
                                                                                                                                                   2612 CT Delft
                                                                                                                                                   The Netherlands



                                                                                                                  Report number:                   NSCIB-CC-0011955-CR

                                                                                                                  Report version:                  1

                                                                                                                  Project number:                  0011955
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.




                                                                                                                  Author(s):                       Andy Brown

                                                                                                                  Date:                            16 April 2020

                                                                                                                  Number of pages:                 11

                                                                                                                  Number of appendices:            0




                                                                                                                  Reproduction of this report is authorized provided the report is reproduced in its entirety.




                                                                                                 Headoffice:                        Location Leek:                   info@nl.tuv.com                   TÜV Rheinland Nederland B.V. is a
                                                                                                 Westervoortsedijk 73               Eiberkamp 10                     www.tuv.com/nl                    registered company at the Dutch
                                                                                                 NL-6827 AV Arnhem                  NL-9351 VT Leek                                                    Chamber of Commerce under
                                                                                                                                                                     Tel. +31 (0)88 888 7 888          number 27288788
                                                                                                 P.O. Box 2220                      P.O. Box 37                      Fax +31 (0)88 888 7 879
                                                                                                 NL-6802 CE Arnhem                  NL-9350 AA Leek                                                    VAT number: NL815820380B01
                                                                                                 The Netherlands                    The Netherlands                                                    IBAN: NL61DEUT0265155096
                                                                                                 Page: 2/11 of report number: NSCIB-CC-0011955-CR, dated 16 April 2020




                                                                                                 CONTENTS:

                                                                                                 Foreword                                                                 3

                                                                                                 Recognition of the certificate                                           4
                                                                                                 International recognition                                                4
                                                                                                 European recognition                                                     4

                                                                                                 1 Executive Summary                                                      5

                                                                                                 2 Certification Results                                                  6
                                                                                                 2.1      Identification of Target of Evaluation                          6
                                                                                                 2.2      Security Policy                                                 6
                                                                                                 2.3      Assumptions and Clarification of Scope                          6
                                                                                                 2.4      Architectural Information                                       7
                                                                                                 2.5      Documentation                                                   7
                                                                                                 2.6      IT Product Testing                                              7
                                                                                                 2.7      Re-used evaluation results                                      8
                                                                                                 2.8      Evaluated Configuration                                         9
                                                                                                 2.9      Results of the Evaluation                                       9
                                                                                                 2.10     Comments/Recommendations                                        9

                                                                                                 3 Security Target                                                       10

                                                                                                 4 Definitions                                                           10

                                                                                                 5 Bibliography                                                          11
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.
                                                                                                 Page: 3/11 of report number: NSCIB-CC-0011955-CR, dated 16 April 2020




                                                                                                 Foreword
                                                                                                 The Netherlands Scheme for Certification in the Area of IT Security (NSCIB) provides a third-party
                                                                                                 evaluation and certification service for determining the trustworthiness of Information Technology (IT)
                                                                                                 security products. Under this NSCIB, TÜV Rheinland Nederland B.V. has the task of issuing
                                                                                                 certificates for IT security products, as well as for protection profiles and sites.
                                                                                                 Part of the procedure is the technical examination (evaluation) of the product, protection profile or site
                                                                                                 according to the Common Criteria assessment guidelines published by the NSCIB. Evaluations are
                                                                                                 performed by an IT Security Evaluation Facility (ITSEF) under the oversight of the NSCIB Certification
                                                                                                 Body, which is operated by TÜV Rheinland Nederland B.V. in cooperation with the Ministry of the
                                                                                                 Interior and Kingdom Relations.
                                                                                                 An ITSEF in the Netherlands is a commercial facility that has been licensed by TÜV Rheinland
                                                                                                 Nederland B.V. to perform Common Criteria evaluations; a significant requirement for such a license is
                                                                                                 accreditation to the requirements of ISO Standard 17025 “General requirements for the accreditation
                                                                                                 of calibration and testing laboratories”.
                                                                                                 By awarding a Common Criteria certificate, TÜV Rheinland Nederland B.V. asserts that the product or
                                                                                                 site complies with the security requirements specified in the associated (site) security target, or that
                                                                                                 the protection profile (PP) complies with the requirements for PP evaluation specified in the Common
                                                                                                 Criteria for Information Security Evaluation. A (site) security target is a requirements specification
                                                                                                 document that defines the scope of the evaluation activities.
                                                                                                 The consumer should review the (site) security target or protection profile, in addition to this
                                                                                                 certification report, in order to gain an understanding of any assumptions made during the evaluation,
                                                                                                 the IT product's intended environment, its security requirements, and the level of confidence (i.e., the
                                                                                                 evaluation assurance level) that the product or site satisfies the security requirements stated in the
                                                                                                 (site) security target.
                                                                                                 Reproduction of this report is authorized provided the report is reproduced in its entirety.
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.
                                                                                                 Page: 4/11 of report number: NSCIB-CC-0011955-CR, dated 16 April 2020




                                                                                                 Recognition of the certificate
                                                                                                 Presence of the Common Criteria Recognition Arrangement and SOG-IS logos on the certificate
                                                                                                 indicates that this certificate is issued in accordance with the provisions of the CCRA and the SOG-IS
                                                                                                 agreement and will be recognised by the participating nations

                                                                                                 International recognition
                                                                                                 The CCRA has been signed by the Netherlands in May 2000 and provides mutual recognition of
                                                                                                 certificates based on the CC. Starting September 2014 the CCRA has been updated to provide mutual
                                                                                                 recognition of certificates based on cPPs (exact use) or STs with evaluation assurance components
                                                                                                 up to and including EAL2+ALC_FLR. The current list of signatory nations and approved certification
                                                                                                 schemes can be found on: http://www.commoncriteriaportal.org.

                                                                                                 European recognition
                                                                                                 The European SOGIS-Mutual Recognition Agreement (SOGIS-MRA) version 3 effective from April
                                                                                                 2010 provides mutual recognition of Common Criteria and ITSEC certificates at a basic evaluation
                                                                                                 level for all products. A higher recognition level for evaluation levels beyond EAL4 (resp. E3-basic) is
                                                                                                 provided for products related to specific technical domains. This agreement was initially signed by
                                                                                                 Finland, France, Germany, The Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom. Italy
                                                                                                 joined the SOGIS-MRA in December 2010. The current list of signatory nations, approved certification
                                                                                                 schemes and the list of technical domains for which the higher recognition applies can be found on:
                                                                                                 http://www.sogisportal.eu.
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.
                                                                                                 Page: 5/11 of report number: NSCIB-CC-0011955-CR, dated 16 April 2020




                                                                                                 1 Executive Summary
                                                                                                 This Certification Report states the outcome of the Common Criteria security evaluation of the
                                                                                                 MF3D(H)x3. The developer of the MF3D(H)x3 is NXP Semiconductors Germany GmbH located in
                                                                                                 Hamburg, Germany and they also act as the sponsor of the evaluation and certification. A Certification
                                                                                                 Report is intended to assist prospective consumers when judging the suitability of the IT security
                                                                                                 properties of the product for their particular requirements.
                                                                                                 The TOE is to be used with Proximity Coupling Devices (PCDs, also called "terminal") according to
                                                                                                 ISO 14443 Type A. It is primarily designed for secure contactless transport applications and related
                                                                                                 loyalty programs as well as access control management systems as well as closed loop payment
                                                                                                 systems.
                                                                                                 The TOE is a smart card comprising a hardware platform and a fixed software package. The software
                                                                                                 package is stored in Flash and ROM memory and provides an operating system with a set of
                                                                                                 functions, used to manage the various kinds of data files stored in Flash memory. The operating
                                                                                                 system supports a separation between the data of different applications and provides access control if
                                                                                                 required by the configuration.
                                                                                                 The TOE includes also IC Dedicated Software to support its start-up and for test purposes after
                                                                                                 production. The Smart Card Controller hardware comprises a 16-bit CPU, volatile and non-volatile
                                                                                                 memories, cryptographic co-processors, security components and one communication interface.
                                                                                                 The TOE has been evaluated by Brightsight B.V. located in Delft, The Netherlands. The evaluation
                                                                                                 was completed on 16 April 2020 with the approval of the ETR. The certification procedure has been
                                                                                                 conducted in accordance with the provisions of the Netherlands Scheme for Certification in the Area of
                                                                                                 IT Security [NSCIB].
                                                                                                 The scope of the evaluation is defined by the security target [ST], which identifies assumptions made
                                                                                                 during the evaluation, the intended environment for the MF3D(H)x3, the security requirements, and
                                                                                                 the level of confidence (evaluation assurance level) at which the product is intended to satisfy the
                                                                                                 security requirements. Consumers of the MF3D(H)x3 are advised to verify that their own environment
                                                                                                 is consistent with the security target, and to give due consideration to the comments, observations and
                                                                                                 recommendations in this certification report.
                                                                                                                                                                         1
                                                                                                 The results documented in the evaluation technical report [ETR] for this product provides sufficient
                                                                                                 evidence that the TOE meets the EAL5 augmented (EAL5+) assurance requirements for the evaluated
                                                                                                 security functionality. This assurance level is augmented with ALC_DVS.2 (Sufficiency of security
                                                                                                 measures) and AVA_VAN.5 (Advanced methodical vulnerability analysis).
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.




                                                                                                 The evaluation was conducted using the Common Methodology for Information Technology Security
                                                                                                 Evaluation, Version 3.1 Revision 5 [CEM] for conformance to the Common Criteria for Information
                                                                                                 Technology Security Evaluation, version 3.1 Revision 5 [CC].
                                                                                                 TÜV Rheinland Nederland B.V., as the NSCIB Certification Body, declares that the evaluation meets
                                                                                                 all the conditions for international recognition of Common Criteria Certificates and that the product will
                                                                                                 be listed on the NSCIB Certified Products list. It should be noted that the certification results only apply
                                                                                                 to the specific version of the product as evaluated




                                                                                                 1
                                                                                                  The Evaluation Technical Report contains information proprietary to the developer and/or the
                                                                                                 evaluator, and is not releasable for public review.
                                                                                                 Page: 6/11 of report number: NSCIB-CC-0011955-CR, dated 16 April 2020




                                                                                                 2 Certification Results
                                                                                                 2.1     Identification of Target of Evaluation
                                                                                                 The Target of Evaluation (TOE) for this evaluation is the MF3D(H)x3 from NXP Semiconductors
                                                                                                 Germany GmbH located in Hamburg, Germany.
                                                                                                 The TOE is comprised of the following main components:

                                                                                                  Delivery item type      Identifier                                               Version

                                                                                                  IC Hardware             MF3D(H)x3 Hardware                                       A1.A04

                                                                                                  IC Dedicated Test
                                                                                                                          Test Software                                            A1.A04
                                                                                                  Software

                                                                                                  IC Dedicated
                                                                                                                          Boot Software                                            A1.A04
                                                                                                  Support Software

                                                                                                                          Firmware                                                 A1.A04

                                                                                                                          MIFARE DESFire Software                                  3.0


                                                                                                 To ensure secure usage a set of guidance documents is provided together with the MF3D(H)x3.
                                                                                                 Details can be found in section 2.5 of this report.
                                                                                                 For a detailed and precise description of the TOE lifecycle refer to the [ST], chapter 1.4.3

                                                                                                 2.2     Security Policy
                                                                                                 The TOE is a smart card comprising a hardware platform and a fixed software package. The TOE is to
                                                                                                 be used with Proximity Coupling Devices (PCDs, also called "terminal") according to ISO 14443 Type
                                                                                                 A. The communication protocol complies to part ISO 14443-4.

                                                                                                 Cryptographic functionality provided by the TOE includes Triple-DES (3DES) and AES, including
                                                                                                 CMAC
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.




                                                                                                 and various modes of operation (e.g. CBC). Furthermore, the TOE provides hardware random
                                                                                                 number generation according to class PTG.2 of AIS 31.

                                                                                                 2.3     Assumptions and Clarification of Scope

                                                                                                 2.3.1    Assumptions
                                                                                                 The assumptions defined in the Security Target are not covered by the TOE itself. These aspects lead
                                                                                                 to specific Security Objectives to be fulfilled by the TOE-Environment. Detailed information on these
                                                                                                 security objectives that must be fulfilled by the TOE environment can be found in section 4.3 of the
                                                                                                 [ST].

                                                                                                 2.3.2    Clarification of scope
                                                                                                 The evaluation did not reveal any threats to the TOE that are not countered by the evaluated security
                                                                                                 functions of the product.
                                                                                                 For DESFire EV1 backward compatible mode, the certification scope is limited to the AES mode (both
                                                                                                 for authentication and secure messaging) and 3TDEA (only authentication). Please note that the
                                                                                                 MIFARE DESFire D40 backward compatible mode is not part of any SFR and therefore not in the
                                                                                                 certification scope. Also the MIFARE Classic compatible mode, including all DESFire applications that
                                                                                                 enable MIFARE Classic mapping, are excluded from the certification scope
                                                                                                 Page: 7/11 of report number: NSCIB-CC-0011955-CR, dated 16 April 2020




                                                                                                 2.4     Architectural Information
                                                                                                 The IC Hardware CPU has a 16-bit architecture. The on-chip hardware components are controlled by
                                                                                                 the MIFARE DESFire software via Special Function Registers. These registers are correlated to the
                                                                                                 activities of the CPU, the memory management unit, interrupt control, contactless communication,
                                                                                                 Flash, timers, the DES co-processor and the AES co-processor. The communication with the
                                                                                                 MF3D(H)x3 can be performed through the contactless interface.
                                                                                                 The IC Dedicated Test Software (Test ROM Software) located in ROM of the TOE is used by the
                                                                                                 TOE Manufacturer to test the functionality of the chip. The test functionality is disabled before the
                                                                                                 operational use of the smart card. The IC Dedicated Test Software includes the test operating system,
                                                                                                 test routines for the various blocks of the circuitry and shutdown functions to ensure that security
                                                                                                 relevant test operations cannot be executed illegally after phase 3 of the TOE Life cycle.
                                                                                                 The IC Dedicated Support Software contains Boot Software, Firmware and MIFARE DESFire
                                                                                                 Software. The Boot Software ensures that the TOE is booting after reset in a correct manner. The
                                                                                                 Firmware component provides memory management functionality and cryptographic library that
                                                                                                 performs the cryptographic operations required for this TOE. Finally, the MIFARE DESFire Software
                                                                                                 contains the relevant functionality required for the MIFARE features including a flexible file system,
                                                                                                 authentication, data encryption and other features. The features of the TOE are described in detail in
                                                                                                 Section 1.4.2 [ST].


                                                                                                 2.5     Documentation
                                                                                                 The following documentation is provided with the product by the developer to the customer:

                                                                                                  Identifier                                                                    Version
                                                                                                  MF3D(H)x3, MIFARE DESFire EV3 contactless smartcard IC, Preliminary
                                                                                                                                                                                2.1
                                                                                                  data sheet
                                                                                                  MF3D(H)x3C, MIFARE DESFire EV3C contactless smartcard IC,
                                                                                                                                                                                2.1
                                                                                                  Preliminary data sheet (for MFC unlocked configurations only)
                                                                                                  MF3D(H)x3, MIFARE DESFire EV3 Post Delivery Configuration,
                                                                                                                                                                                2.0
                                                                                                  Preliminary data sheet addendum
                                                                                                  MF3D(H)x3, Wafer and Delivery Specification, Preliminary data sheet
                                                                                                                                                                                2.0
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.




                                                                                                  addendum
                                                                                                  MF3D(H)x3, Information on Guidance and Operation, Guidance and
                                                                                                                                                                                1.0
                                                                                                  Operation Manual

                                                                                                 2.6     IT Product Testing
                                                                                                 Testing (depth, coverage, functional tests, independent testing): The evaluators examined the
                                                                                                 developer’s testing activities documentation and verified that the developer has met their testing
                                                                                                 responsibilities.

                                                                                                 2.6.1    Testing approach and depth
                                                                                                 The developer has performed extensive testing on FSP, subsystem and SFR-enforcing module and
                                                                                                 module interface level. The tests are performed by the developer through execution of test scripts
                                                                                                 using an automated and distributed system. Test tools and scripts are extensively used to verify that
                                                                                                 the tests return expected values. The identification was checked based on the SVN revision
                                                                                                 corresponding to the version control system repository.
                                                                                                 The tests covered all security functions and aspects of the TSF. To further support the hardware,
                                                                                                 component testing was used that verifies several aspects e.g. return values, registers, CPU and
                                                                                                 others in an automated manner. Code coverage analysis was used by the developer to verify overall
                                                                                                 test completeness.
                                                                                                 Page: 8/11 of report number: NSCIB-CC-0011955-CR, dated 16 April 2020




                                                                                                 For the testing performed by the evaluators, repeated/witnessed tests have been selected that cover
                                                                                                 various aspects of the TOE, as well as test areas of the developer code coverage analysis.
                                                                                                 Additionally, witness testing was used to sample and check the actual test results.
                                                                                                 The evaluator-defined tests were focussed on supplementing the developer’s tests since the
                                                                                                 developer tests are extensive. Three evaluator defined tests were performed.
                                                                                                 For the testing performed by the evaluators, the developer has provided samples and a test
                                                                                                 environment.

                                                                                                 2.6.2      Independent Penetration Testing
                                                                                                 The penetration tests were devised after performing the evaluator Vulnerability Analysis. Potential
                                                                                                 vulnerabilities were identified via review of evidence for the classes ADV, AGD, ASE and ADV_IMP.
                                                                                                 For ADV_IMP a thorough implementation representation review was performed on the TOE. Potential
                                                                                                 vulnerabilities were grouped per similarity and addressed by penetration testing aiming at the weakest
                                                                                                 case.

                                                                                                 Vulnerability Analysis activities were performed for each group of components with the vulnerability
                                                                                                 analysis for the MIFARE DESFire Software also considering the TOE in its entirety.

                                                                                                 A total of ten penetration tests were undertaken: one on overcoming sensors and filters, two
                                                                                                 perturbation attacks, four side channel attacks, one RNG attack and two software attacks.

                                                                                                 2.6.3      Test Configuration
                                                                                                 The developer provided the environment for independent evaluation testing. The TOE was tested in all
                                                                                                 memory sizes in the following configurations:
                                                                                                           FPGA Emulator
                                                                                                           TOE (SO28 package)
                                                                                                           Using ISO14443 interface
                                                                                                 For penetration testing, the TOE was tested in configurations commensurate to MF3Dx3 (with 8KB
                                                                                                 storage size) as present in the version control system repository corresponding to MIFARE DESFire
                                                                                                 3.0 with hardware A1.A04.

                                                                                                 2.6.4      Testing Results
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.




                                                                                                 The testing activities, including configurations, procedures, test cases, expected results and observed
                                                                                                 results are summarised in the [ETR], with references to the documents containing the full details.
                                                                                                 The developer’s tests and the independent functional tests produced the expected results, giving
                                                                                                 assurance that the TOE behaves as specified in its [ST] and functional specification.
                                                                                                 No exploitable vulnerabilities were found with the independent penetration tests.
                                                                                                 The algorithmic security level of cryptographic functionality has not been rated in this certification
                                                                                                 process, but the current consensus on the algorithmic security level in the open domain, i.e. from the
                                                                                                 current best cryptanalytic attacks published, has been taken into account.
                                                                                                 The algorithmic security level exceeds 100 bits for all evaluated cryptographic functionality as required
                                                                                                 for high attack potential (AVA_VAN.5).

                                                                                                 2.7       Re-used evaluation results
                                                                                                 There is no re-use of evaluation results in this certification
                                                                                                 There has been extensive re-use of the ALC aspects for the sites involved in the development and
                                                                                                 production of the TOE, by use of one ETR-Lite and eighteen Site Technical Audit Re-use report
                                                                                                 approaches.
                                                                                                 No sites have been visited as part of this evaluation.
                                                                                                 Page: 9/11 of report number: NSCIB-CC-0011955-CR, dated 16 April 2020




                                                                                                 2.8    Evaluated Configuration
                                                                                                 The TOE is defined uniquely by its name and version number MF3D(H)x3.

                                                                                                 2.9    Results of the Evaluation
                                                                                                 The evaluation lab documented their evaluation results in the [ETR].
                                                                                                 The verdict of each claimed assurance requirement is “Pass”.
                                                                                                 Based on the above evaluation results the evaluation lab concluded the MF3D(H)x3, to be CC Part 2
                                                                                                 extended, CC Part 3 conformant and to meet the requirements of EAL 5 augmented with
                                                                                                 ALC_DVS.2 and AVA_VAN.5. This implies that the product satisfies the security requirements
                                                                                                 specified in Security Target [ST].
                                                                                                 The Security Target claims ’strict’ conformance to the Protection Profile [PP].

                                                                                                 2.10 Comments/Recommendations
                                                                                                 The user guidance as outlined in section 2.5 contains necessary information about the usage of the
                                                                                                 TOE. Certain aspects of the TOE’s security functionality, in particular the countermeasures against
                                                                                                 attacks, depend on accurate conformance to the user guidance of both the software and the hardware
                                                                                                 part of the TOE. There are no particular obligations or recommendations for the user apart from
                                                                                                 following the user guidance. Please note that the documents contain relevant details with respect to
                                                                                                 the resistance against certain attacks.
                                                                                                 For clarity on the scope of backward compatibility and certification see section 2.3.2.
                                                                                                 In addition all aspects of assumptions, threats and policies as outlined in the Security Target not
                                                                                                 covered by the TOE itself need to be fulfilled by the operational environment of the TOE.
                                                                                                 The customer or user of the product shall consider the results of the certification within his system risk
                                                                                                 management process. In order for the evolution of attack methods and techniques to be covered, he
                                                                                                 should define the period of time until a re-assessment for the TOE is required and thus requested from
                                                                                                 the sponsor of the certificate.
                                                                                                 The strength of the cryptographic algorithms and protocols was not rated in the course of this
                                                                                                 evaluation. This specifically applies to the following proprietary or non-standard algorithms, protocols
                                                                                                 and implementations: NONE
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.
                                                                                                 Page: 10/11 of report number: NSCIB-CC-0011955-CR, dated 16 April 2020




                                                                                                 3 Security Target

                                                                                                 The MF3D(H)x3 Security Target, Rev. 1.3, 17 March 2020 [ST] is included here by reference.
                                                                                                 Please note that for the need of publication a public version [ST-lite] has been created and verified
                                                                                                 according to [ST-SAN].



                                                                                                 4 Definitions

                                                                                                 This list of Acronyms and the glossary of terms contains elements that are not already defined by the
                                                                                                 CC or CEM:
                                                                                                 CBC                   Cipher Block Chaining (a block cipher mode of operation)
                                                                                                 IC                    Integrated Circuit
                                                                                                 IT                    Information Technology
                                                                                                 ITSEF                 IT Security Evaluation Facility
                                                                                                 JIL                   Joint Interpretation Library
                                                                                                 NSCIB                 Netherlands Scheme for Certification in the area of IT security
                                                                                                 PP                    Protection Profile
                                                                                                 RNG                   Random Number Generator
                                                                                                 TOE                   Target of Evaluation
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.
                                                                                                 Page: 11/11 of report number: NSCIB-CC-0011955-CR, dated 16 April 2020




                                                                                                 5 Bibliography

                                                                                                 This section lists all referenced documentation used as source material in the compilation of this
                                                                                                 report:
                                                                                                 [CC]                  Common Criteria for Information Technology Security Evaluation, Parts I, II and III,
                                                                                                                       Version 3.1 Revision 5, April 2017.
                                                                                                 [CEM]                 Common Methodology for Information Technology Security Evaluation, Version 3.1
                                                                                                                       Revision 5, April 2017.
                                                                                                 [ETR]                 Evaluation Technical Report MF3D(H)x3, 20-RPT-082, Version 1.0, 09 April 2020.
                                                                                                 [NSCIB]               Netherlands Scheme for Certification in the Area of IT Security, Version 2.5, 28
                                                                                                                       March 2019.
                                                                                                 [PP]                  Security IC Platform Protection Profile with Augmentation Packages, Registered
                                                                                                                       and Certified by Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik (BSI) under
                                                                                                                       the reference BSI-CC-PP-0084-2014, Version 1.0, 13 January 2014
                                                                                                 [ST]                  MF3D(H)x3 Security Target, Rev. 1.3, 17 March 2020.
                                                                                                 [ST-lite]             MF3D(H)x3 Security Target Lite, Rev. 1.0, 17 March 2020
                                                                                                 [ST-SAN]              ST sanitising for publication, CC Supporting Document CCDB-2006-04-004, April
                                                                                                                       2006.


                                                                                                 (This is the end of this report).
® TÜV, TUEV and TUV are registered trademarks. Any use or application requires prior approval.
